DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  SUVN-502
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SUVN-502 is a novel, potent, safe, highly selective and orally active antagonist at a central nervous system serotonin receptor site 5-HT6 intended for treatment of cognitive disorders such as Alzheimer’s and Schizophrenia, an unmet medical need.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lesopitron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lesopitron is an anxiolytic with pre- and post-synaptic 5-HT1A agonist activity, which is under development by Esteve.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  MN-305
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, depression, insomnia, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  DAS-431 IV
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, dementia, parkinson's disease, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and strokes.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Incadronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Incadronic acid is a third generation bisphosphonate which can suppress bone resorption by osteoclasts. It is used to treat hypercalcemia, and bone disorders associated with malignancy and osteoporosis. In rats with induced hypercalcemia, incadronate has been found to be 46 times more potent than pamidronate and 11 times more potent than aledronate.Incadronate has also been found to have anti-tumor effects in mice. In rat models of breast cancer, bisphosphonate treatment has been shown to inhibit the progression and development of bone metastases and reduce tumor burden in vivo. It has also been recognized as a potential treatment for adult T-cell leukaemia which is characterized by hypercalcemia and tumor-induced osteolysis. [2] Incadronate, as well as other nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, such as aledronate and minodronate, have been found to induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells. In vitro human myeloma cells have undergone apoptosis when exposed to incadronate. [5] When combined with Tipifarnib, a potent farnesyl transferase inhibitor which can suppress the growth of myeloma cells, growth suppression of myeloma cells in vitro is intensified. [6] Because of these findings Incadronate is being investigated as a treatment for multiple myeloma, a B-cell malignancy associated with bone loss. Incadronate is available by prescription only, and is not marked is the United States, UK, Canada, or Australia. It is an approved treatment for malignancy-associated hypercalcemia (MAH) in Japan.[8]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia associated with malignant disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Glypromate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sulprostone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sulprostone has been used in trials studying Abortion, Induced.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sumatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A serotonin agonist that acts selectively at 5HT1 receptors. It is used in the treatment of migraine disorders. A transdermal patch version of sumatriptan is currently in phase I trials in the U.S. under the code name NP101 (NuPathe).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rotigotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998, Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights for rotigotine to the German pharmaceutical company Schwarz Pharma (today a subsidiary of the Belgian company UCB S.A.). The drug has been approved by the EMEA for use in Europe in 2006 and is today being sold in several European countries. In 2007, the Neupro patch was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first transdermal treatment of Parkinson's disease in the United States. However, as of 2008, Schwarz Pharma has recalled all Neupro patches in the United States and some in Europe because of problems with the delivery mechanism. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in neurologic disorders and parkinson's disease as well as moderate-to-severe primary Restless Legs Syndrome.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  MK-0354
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  AN0128
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AN0128 is a novel compound that contains a boron atom within a borinic acid complex. AN0128 has broad spectrum activity against a wide variety of Gram positivebacteria, including many that are known skin colonizers. Of particular importance is P. acnes and its causal role in acne vulgaris. The rise in antibioticresistance of P. acnes to standard antibiotics necessitates the development of new treatment agents. AN0128 is a good candidate for a topical antibiotic and is currently being developed by Anacor as a novel therapeutic for acne and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, atopic dermatitis, pediatric indications, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  YSIL6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YSIL6 is a small-molecule drug in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. The molecule works by inhibiting TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in T-cells and macrophages, and by inhibiting T-cell proliferation and migration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Esmirtazapine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Esmirtazapine (SCH 900265) is a drug which was under development by Organon for the treatment of insomnia and vasomotor symptoms (e.g., hot flashes) associated with menopause. Esmirtazapine is the (S)-(+)-enantiomer of mirtazapine and possesses similar overall pharmacology, including inverse agonist actions at H1 and 5-HT2 receptors and antagonist actions at α2-adrenergic receptors. Merck has terminated its internal clinical development program for esmirtazapine as of March 2010.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Urofollitropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
4. Indication:  For treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  TTP889
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Mephedrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mephedrone has been investigated in Alcohol-Related Disorders and Amphetamine-Related Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  EP-2104R
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EP-2104R is an imaging pharmaceutical under development for the detection of blood clots. It is the first targeted high-resolution technique designed to visualize blood clots directly. It is being developed by EPIX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Seliciclib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells. Seliciclib is being developed by Cyclacel. Seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lung cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, leukemia (lymphoid), and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Lemuteporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostrate disorders.
