DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Elotuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elotuzumab is a humanized IgG1 (Immunoglobulin G) monoclonal antibody indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior therapies. Elotuzumab targets SLAMF7, also known as Signaling Lymphocytic Activation Molecule Family member 7, a cell surface glycoprotein. Elotuzumab consists of the complementary determining regions (CDR) of the mouse antibody, MuLuc63, grafted onto human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain frameworks. Elotuzumab is produced in NS0 cells by recombinant DNA technology. Elotuzumab has a theoretical mass of 148.1 kDa for the intact antibody. Elotuzumab was approved on November 30, 2015 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Elotuzumab is marketed under the brand Empliciti™ by Bristol-Myers Squibb. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior therapies.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lenalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lenalidomide (initially known as CC-5013 and marketed as Revlimid® by Celgene) is a derivative of thalidomide introduced in 2004. It was initially intended as a treatment for multiple myeloma, for which thalidomide is an accepted therapeutic modality, but has also shown efficacy in the hematological disorders known as the myelodysplastic syndromes. [Wikipedia] FDA approved on December 27, 2005. 
4. Indication:  Lenalidomide is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in combination with dexamethasone. It is also indicated for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to low- or intermediate- risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2b, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Interferon alpha 2b (human leukocyte clone hif-sn 206 protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with arginine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Paricalcitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paricalcitol is a synthetic vitamin D analog. Paricalcitol has been used to reduce parathyroid hormone levels. Paricalcitol is indicated for the prevention and treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic renal failure.
4. Indication:  For treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) Stage 3 and 4
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Edaravone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Edaravone is a free radical scavenger approved in May, 2017 for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral scleorosis (ALS). Clinical studies showed that the treatment attenuated deterioration of the disease when compared to placebo. It has been previously investigated for the treatment of ischemic stroke, reperfusion Injury, and myocardial Infarction as it possesses antioxidant and anti-apoptotic properties. Being a low molecular weight molecule with good water and lipid-soluble properies, it therapeutically advantageous in crossing the blood-brain barrier to mediate nootropic and neuroprotective effects. Oral formulation of edaravone is currently under development.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improving neurological symptoms and damage from acute ischemic stroke and delaying disease progression of ALS.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Fispemifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in male hormonal deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ozanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozanezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eldelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1100, a fully human antibody that targets IP10 (also known as CXCL10), a chemokine expressed in association with multiple inflammatory disease indications, such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dacetuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dacetuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, and Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse. It is a humanized anti-CD40 antibody and induces cytotoxicity in human multiple myeloma cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's) and multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Methylmalonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CDP323
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CDP323 is a small-molecule prodrug antagonist of the vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) binding to alpha4-integrins. It was originally developed by the British biopharmaceutical company Celltech plc. (now UCB S.A.) and is a putative new drug for oral treatment of multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Vitamin D
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Vitamin D ultimately comprises a group of lipid-soluble secosteroids responsible for a variety of biological effects, some of which include increasing the intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate. With reference to human use, there are 2 main forms of vitamin D - vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol). When non-specific references are made about 'vitamin d', the references are usually about the use of vitamin D3 and/or D2.Vitamin D3 and D2 require hydroxylation in order to become biologically active in the human body. Since vitamin D can be endogenously synthesized in adequate amounts by most mammals exposed to sufficient quantities of sunlight, vitamin D functions like a hormone on vitamin D receptors to regulate calcium in opposition to parathyroid hormone. Vitamin D plays an essential physiological role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and metabolism. There are several different vitamin D supplements that are given to treat or to prevent osteomalacia and rickets, or to meet the daily criteria of vitamin D consumption.
4. Indication:  Vitamin D is indicated for use in the treatment of hypoparathyroidism, refractory rickets (also known as vitamin D resistant rickets), and familial hypophosphatemia [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lucatumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid), multiple myeloma, and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  SC12267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  CCX915
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX915 is developed by ChemoCentryx which targets the chemokine receptor CCR2 and is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis and Neurologic Disorders. The CCR2 receptor is thought to be of central importance to inflammatory diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (MS), Type II diabetes and atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Urelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Urelumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Multiple Myeloma, Malignant Tumors, and Cancer - Solid Tumors and B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
