DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sulprostone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sulprostone has been used in trials studying Abortion, Induced.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tetanus Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetanus Immune Globulin is manufactured from human plasma [FDA Label]. It contains antibodies against tetanus toxoid and is primarily used as prophylaxis against tetanus in wounded patients.
4. Indication:  For use as prophylaxis against tetanus in patients who are injured and have incomplete of uncertain immunization statu [FDA Label]. May also be used in the treatment of active tetanus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dexloxiglumide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dexloxiglumide is a selective cholecystokinin type A (CCKA) receptor antagonist in phase III testing by Rottapharm in Europe only, as U.S. trials have been discontinued. As the D-isomer of loxiglumide, it retains all pharmacological properties of loxiglumide but is more potent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease (GERD).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pazopanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pazopanib is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. It is developed by GlaxoSmithKline and was FDA approved on October 19, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of advanced renal cell cancer and advanced soft tissue sarcoma (in patients previously treated with chemotherapy) 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Formaldehyde
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly reactive aldehyde gas formed by oxidation or incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons. In solution, it has a wide range of uses: in the manufacture of resins and textiles, as a disinfectant, and as a laboratory fixative or preservative. Formaldehyde solution (formalin) is considered a hazardous compound, and its vapor toxic. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p717)
4. Indication:  Use for drying skin before or after surgical removal of warts or where dryness is required. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ulipristal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for the purposes of emergency contraception (Ella) and for the treatment of uterine fibroids (Fibristal). It is a derivative of 19-norprogesterone and has both antagonistic and partial agonist activity at the progesterone receptor. It also binds to glucocorticoid receptor, however compared to mifepristone (a progesterone receptor antagonist), ulipristal is more tolerable and has lower glucocorticoid activity and better binding affinity. Ulipristal is currently recommended as first line therapy for emergency contraception, due to improved efficacy and similar side effect profile as compared to the traditional use of levonorgestrel or the Yuzpe regimen. The exact mechanism of action for ulipristal is still currently debated, though there is evidence that it functions by inhibiting ovulation. A recent systematic review proclaimed that the majority of available evidence demonstrates an inhibitory effect on ovulation rather than a post-fertilization effect on the endometrium, which has been heavily debated due to ethical concerns related to abortion (Rosato et al, 2016).
4. Indication:  As the product Ella (available in Canada and the US), ulipristal is indicated for use as emergency contraception after unprotected intercourse or possible contraceptive failure when administered within 120 hours (5 days) after unprotected intercourse or a known or suspected contraceptive failure. As the product Fibristal (available in Canada), ulipristal is indicated for treatment of the signs and symptoms of uterine fibroids in adult women.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dydrogesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone with no androgenic or estrogenic properties. Unlike many other progestational compounds, dydrogesterone produces no increase in temperature and does not inhibit ovulation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular duration of cycles and irregular occurrence and duration of periods caused by progesterone deficiency. Also used to prevent natural abortion in patients who have a history of habitual abortions.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fesoterodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic prodrug for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder (with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, or urge incontinence).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlorprothixene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chlorprothixene is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene (tricyclic) class. Chlorprothixene exerts strong blocking effects by blocking the 5-HT2 D1, D2, D3, histamine H1, muscarinic and alpha1 adrenergic receptors.
4. Indication:  For treatment of psychotic disorders (e.g. schizophrenia) and of acute mania occuring as part of bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tolterodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolterodine is an antimuscarinic drug that is used to treat urinary incontinence. Tolterodine acts on M2 and M3 subtypes of muscarinic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder (with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, or urge incontinence).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Benzquinamide
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Benzquinamide is a discontinued antiemetic compound with antihistaminic, mild anticholinergic, and sedative properties. The mechanism of action is not known, but presumably benzquinamide works via antagonism of muscarinic acetycholine receptors and histamine H1 receptors. 
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and treat nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia and surgery, administered intramuscularly or intravenously.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tioguanine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic compound which also has antimetabolite action. The drug is used in the therapy of acute leukemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For remission induction and remission consolidation treatment of acute nonlymphocytic leukemias.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Bezitramide
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bezitramide is a narcotic analgesic which was discovered in 1961, clinically tested around the 1970's [1], and marketed under the name Burgodin(R). After cases of fatal overdose in the Netherlands in 2004 the drug was withdrawn from the market. In the United States Bezitramide was never been approved for clinical use. It is presently an illegal substance classified under Schedule II of the Controlled Substances Act. [wiki]
4. Indication:  A narcotic analgesic once used for the treatment of severe chronic pain. [1] 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Flupentixol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Flupentixol is an antipsychotic neuroleptic drug. It is a thioxanthene, and therefore closely related to the phenothiazines. Its primary use is as a long acting injection given two or three weekly to people with schizophrenia who have a poor compliance with medication and suffer frequent relapses of illness. It is a D1 and D2 receptor antagonist. It is not approved in the United States.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of schizophrenia and depression
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Methylergometrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A homolog of ergonovine containing one more CH2 group. (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the prevention and control of excessive bleeding following vaginal childbirth
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ergonovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot alkaloid with uterine and vascular smooth muscle contractile properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat postpartum haemorrhage and postabortion haemorrhage in patients with uterine atony. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Glycerol Phenylbutyrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent. Chemically, it is a triglyceride in which three molecules of phenylbutyrate are linked to a glycerol backbone. FDA approved on February 1, 2013.
4. Indication:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent for the chronic management of adult and pediatric patients ≥2 years of age with urea cycle disorders (UCDs) who cannot be managed by dietary protein restriction and/or amino acid supplementation alone. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
