DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nicotinyl alcohol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A direct-acting peripheral vasodilator that causes flushing and may decrease blood pressure. It is used in vasospasm and threatened gangrene. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Allylestrenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with progestational activity. It is widely marketed throughout Europe, including Russia and many other European countries, and is also available in Japan, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and much of Southeast Asia, though notably not in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Allylestrenol was designed to be used for miscarriage prevention, prevention of premature labour and has been investigated for possible use in men for treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulprostone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sulprostone has been used in trials studying Abortion, Induced.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ulipristal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for the purposes of emergency contraception (Ella) and for the treatment of uterine fibroids (Fibristal). It is a derivative of 19-norprogesterone and has both antagonistic and partial agonist activity at the progesterone receptor. It also binds to glucocorticoid receptor, however compared to mifepristone (a progesterone receptor antagonist), ulipristal is more tolerable and has lower glucocorticoid activity and better binding affinity. Ulipristal is currently recommended as first line therapy for emergency contraception, due to improved efficacy and similar side effect profile as compared to the traditional use of levonorgestrel or the Yuzpe regimen. The exact mechanism of action for ulipristal is still currently debated, though there is evidence that it functions by inhibiting ovulation. A recent systematic review proclaimed that the majority of available evidence demonstrates an inhibitory effect on ovulation rather than a post-fertilization effect on the endometrium, which has been heavily debated due to ethical concerns related to abortion (Rosato et al, 2016).
4. Indication:  As the product Ella (available in Canada and the US), ulipristal is indicated for use as emergency contraception after unprotected intercourse or possible contraceptive failure when administered within 120 hours (5 days) after unprotected intercourse or a known or suspected contraceptive failure. As the product Fibristal (available in Canada), ulipristal is indicated for treatment of the signs and symptoms of uterine fibroids in adult women.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dydrogesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone with no androgenic or estrogenic properties. Unlike many other progestational compounds, dydrogesterone produces no increase in temperature and does not inhibit ovulation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular duration of cycles and irregular occurrence and duration of periods caused by progesterone deficiency. Also used to prevent natural abortion in patients who have a history of habitual abortions.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Methylergometrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A homolog of ergonovine containing one more CH2 group. (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the prevention and control of excessive bleeding following vaginal childbirth
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ergonovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot alkaloid with uterine and vascular smooth muscle contractile properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat postpartum haemorrhage and postabortion haemorrhage in patients with uterine atony. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. 
4. Indication:  Phenol is primarily indicated for minor sore throat pain, sore mouth, minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Additionally, phenol is indicated in the treatment of focal spasticity. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ipilimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ipilimumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody (IgG1 kappa immunoglobin), is an antineoplastic agent developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. Ipilimumab received FDA approved on March 25, 2011. In October 2015, the FDA approved expanded the indications for Ipilimumab, allowing it to be used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
4. Indication:  Ipilimumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. It is also used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
