DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Titanium dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally it is sourced from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.
4. Indication:  In the pharmaceutical industry, titanium dioxide is used in most sunscreens to block UVA and UVB rays, similar to zinc oxide. It is also commonly used as pigment for pharmaceutical products such as gelatin capsules, tablet coatings and syrups.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Octinoxate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octinoxate is a cinnamate ester and common ingredient in sunscreen and other skin care products to minimize DNA photodamage. It was originally developed in 1950's as an organic UV-B filter that absorbs UV-B rays from sun. It is often combined with nanoparticles or other water-resistant liposomes in formulations to increase the localization at the epidermis and decrease the risk of percutaneous absorption. Its use in pharmaceutical and cosmetic formulations is approved by FDA.
4. Indication:  As an active ingredient in sunscreens and lip balms. Used for protection against damaging effects of sun rays. 
