DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AGI-1096
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AGI-1096 is a novel oral antioxidant and selective anti-inflammatory agent that is being developed to address the accelerated inflammation of grafted blood vessels, known as transplant arteritis, common in chronic organ transplant rejection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dofetilide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in individuals prone to the formation of atrial fibrillation and flutter, and for the chemical cardioversion to sinus rhythm from atrial fibrillation and flutter.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm (delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter [AF/AFl]) in patients with atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter of greater than one week duration who have been converted to normal sinus rhythm
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tecadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tecadenoson is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arrhythmia and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  J147
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  J147 is an experimental drug with reported effects against both Alzheimer's disease and ageing in mouse models of accelerated aging. [1, 2, 3] It is a curcumin derivative and a potent neurogenic and neuroprotective drug candidate initially developed for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions associated with aging that impacts many pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. [5]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Agomelatine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Agomelatine is structurally closely related to melatonin. Agomelatine is a potent agonist at melatonin receptors and an antagonist at serotonin-2C (5-HT2C) receptors, tested in an animal model of depression. Agomelatine was discovered and developed by the European pharmaceutical company Servier Laboratories Ltd. Servier continue to develop the drug and conduct phase III trials in the European Union. In 2005 Servier submitted Agomelatine to the European Medicines Agency (EMEA). On 27 July 2006 the Committee for Medical Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMEA recommended a refusal of the marketing authorisation of Valdoxan/Thymanax. The major concern was that efficacy had not been sufficiently shown. In 2006 Servier sold the rights to develop Agomelatine in the US to Novartis.The development for the US market was discontinued in October 2011. It is currently sold in Australia under the Valdoxan trade name.
4. Indication:  Agomelatine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ramelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramelteon is the first in a new class of sleep agents that selectively binds to the melatonin receptors in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). It is used for insomnia, particularly delayed sleep onset. Ramelteon has not been shown to produce dependence and has shown no potential for abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulty with sleep onset.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate (formerly known as HHT or Homoharringtonine), is a cephalotaxine ester and protein synthesis inhibitor with established clinical activity as a single agent in hematological malignancies. Omacetaxine mepesuccinate is synthesized from cephalotaxine, which is an extract from the leaves of the plant, Cephalotaxus species. In October 2005, omacetaxine mepesuccinate received Orphan Drug designation from the EMEA for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Then in March 2006, it received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of CML. In November 2006, omacetaxine mepesuccinate, for the treatment of CML, was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Most recently, in October 2012, omacetaxine mepesuccinate was marketed under the brand name Synribo and FDA approved for patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Panobinostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Panobinostat is an oral deacetylace (DAC) inhibitor approved on February 23, 2015 by the FDA for the treatment of multiple myeloma. The approval was accelerated based on progression-free survival, therefore confirmatory trials by the sponsor to demonstrate clinical efficacy in multiple myeloma treatment are in progress of being conducted. Panobinostat is marketed by Novartis under the brand name Farydak. Panobinostat acts as a non-selective histone deacetylase inhibitor (pan-HDAC inhibitor) and it is the most potent DAC inhibiting agent available on the market.
4. Indication:  Panobinostat is indicated in the treatment of multiple myeloma in combination with dexamethasone and bortezomib in patients who have received 2 previous treatment regimens including bortezomib and an immunomodulatory agent. This indication is approved by accelerated approval based on progression free survival as of February 23, 2015. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Vernakalant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vernakalant was developed by Cardiome Pharma as as an antiarrhythmic drug intended for rapid conversion of atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm. It acts as an atypical class III antiarrhythmic drug that potentiates its effect in higher heart rates. Intravenous formulation was approved in Europe in September 2010 as Brinavess and in Canada in April 2017. It is an investigational drug under regulatory review by FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the rapid conversion of recent onset of atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm in adults for non-surgery patients that lasts for less than 7 days of duration and post-cardiac surgery patients with atrial fibrillation lasting less than 3 days of duration.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dronedarone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dronedarone is a sinus rhythm controller for management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation. Classified as a Class III antiarrhythmic but displays properties of all four Vaughan-Williams classes, dronedarone blocks a multitude of channels (sodium, potassium, calcium), and demonstrates antiadrenergic properties. Chemically, it is a benzofuran derivative. FDA approved on July 1, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation via restoration of normal sinus rhythm. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Phensuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phensuximide is an anticonvulsant in the succinimide class. It suppresses the paroxysmal three cycle per second spike and wave EEG pattern associated with lapses of consciousness in petit mal seizures. The frequency of attacks is reduced by depression of nerve transmission in the motor cortex.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ibutilide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibutilide is a Class III antiarrhythmic agent that is indicated for acute cardioconversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter of a recent onset to sinus rhythm.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the rapid conversion of atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter of recent onset to sinus rhythm.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Moricizine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmia agent used primarily for ventricular rhythm disturbances. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) and maintain a normal heart rate.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ivabradine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure. Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.
4. Indication:  Ivabradine's indication by the FDA is to reduce the risk of hospitalization for worsening heart failure in patients with stable, symptomatic chronic heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%, who are in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute and either are on maximally tolerated doses of beta-blockers or have a contraindication to beta-blocker use. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Daratumumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Daratumumab is an anti-cancer drug indicated for multiple myeloma in patients who have received at least 3 prior treatments. It was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2016. Marketed under the brand name Darzalex by Janssen Biotech, daratumumab is the first monoclonal antibody injection approved for this indication and provides another options for patients with multiple myeloma resistant to other therapies. Daratumumab induces apoptosis of cancer cells by targeting the CD38 epitope, which is highly expressed on haematological malignancies. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior lines of therapy (a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an immunomodulatory agent) or who are double-refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent. This indication was approved by accelerated approval based on response rate.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  L-aminocarnityl-succinyl-leucyl-argininal-diethylacetal
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C-101, also called Myodur, is developed for the treatment of Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy (DMD) which is a morbid genetic disease that can lead to death in late adolescence due to accelerated skeletal muscle breakdown. C-101 includes a carnitine carrier molecule and a leupeptin analogue, a known calpain inhibitor. Calpain is the primary protease that degrades skeletal muscle.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in muscular dystrophy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ticalopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and gastroparesis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tafamidis
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tafamidis is a novel specific transthyretin (TTR) stabilizer or dissociation inhibitor. TTR is a tetramer that is responsible in transporting the retinol-binding protein-vitamin A complex and minimally transporting thyroxine in the blood. In TTR-related disorders such as transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP), tetramer dissociation is accelerated that results in unregulated amyloidogenesis and amyloid fibril formation. Eventually the failure of autonomic and peripheral nervous system is induced. Tafamidis was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2011 under the market name Vyndaqel for the treatment of transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP) in adult patients with early-stage symptomatic polyneuropathy to delay peripheral neurologic impairment. Tafamidis is an investigational drug under the FDA and in June 2017, Pfizer received FDA Fast Track Designation for tafamidis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate is an iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate.[1] It presents an increasing interest as this insoluble form can be milder in the gastrointestinal tract and present higher bioavailability.[10]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate is intended to be indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency as a formulation with a milder gastrointestinal effect.[9, 10] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate.[1] FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug.[6] This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst.[7] It is also FDA approved since 2015.[FDA Label]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency to maintain hemoglobin and to reduce the prescribed dose of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) required to maintain desired hemoglobin levels.[8] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sotalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm [delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter (AFIB/AFL)] in patients with symptomatic AFIB/AFL who are currently in sinus rhythm. Also for the treatment of documented life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Palbociclib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Palbociclib is an oral, reversible, selective, small-molecule inhibitor of CDK4 and CDK6 indicated in combination with letrozole for the treatment of postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced breast cancer as initial endocrine-based therapy for their metastatic disease. CDK4 and CDK6 along with their regulatory partner cyclin D1 play a key role in regulating the G1- to S-phase cell-cycle transition via regulation of phosphorylation of the retinoblastoma (Rb) protein. Inhibition of these proteins leads to reduced phosphorylation of Rb, inhibition of downstream signalling, and increased tumor growth arrest. Palbociclib received an accelerated approval from the Food and Drug Administration on February 3, 2015.
4. Indication:  Palbociclib is indicated in combination with letrozole for the treatment of postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor (ER)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced breast cancer as initial endocrine-based therapy for their metastatic disease. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on progression-free survival (PFS). Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in a confirmatory trial. 
