DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Calcium glubionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium glubionate (or glubionate calcium) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets.
4. Indication:  Calcium glubionate is indicated to treat conditions caused by low calcium levels such as bone loss (osteoporosis), weak bones (osteomalacia/rickets), decreased activity of the parathyroid gland (hypoparathyroidism), and a certain muscle disease (latent tetany). It may also be used in certain patients to make sure they are getting enough calcium (e.g., women who are pregnant, nursing, or postmenopausal, people taking certain medications such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, or prednisone).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pentagastrin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic pentapeptide that has effects like gastrin when given parenterally. It stimulates the secretion of gastric acid, pepsin, and intrinsic factor, and has been used as a diagnostic aid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gastric acid secretory function
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Calcium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement and medication. Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.
4. Indication:  Oral calcium salts are used as dietary supplemental therapy for person who may not get enough calcium in their regular diet. Calcium gluconate is used as a cardioprotective agent in high blood potassium. Calcium gluconate is the antidote for magnesium sulfate toxicity.
