DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Potassium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Potassium citrate (also known as tripotassium citrate) is a potassium salt of citric acid. It is a white, hygroscopic crystalline powder. It is odorless with a saline taste. It contains 38.3% potassium by mass. In the monohydrate form it is highly hygroscopic and deliquescent.Potassium citrate is used to treat a kidney stone condition called renal tubular acidosis. Potassium Citrate is indicated also for the management of Hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis.
4. Indication:  For the management of renal tubular acidosis, hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis, and uric acid lithiasis with or without calcium stones.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Helium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas that heads the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.
4. Indication:  For use in patients who are not getting enough oxygen into their blood due to blockages in the lungs from pathological conditions or injuries. Suggested potential benefit in upper airway obstruction, in severe asthma, and in exacerbations of COPD/COLD. Helium may be used in place of carbon monoxide during laparoscopic surgeries as it lowers the risk of developing respiratory acidosis in selected patients. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fenoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Formoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Formoterol is a long-acting (12 hours) beta2-agonist used in the management of asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Inhaled formoterol works like other beta2-agonists, causing bronchodilatation through relaxation of the smooth muscle in the airway so as to treat the exacerbation of asthma.
4. Indication:  For use as long-term maintenance treatment of asthma in patients 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airways disease, including patients with symptoms of nocturnal asthma, who are using optimal corticosteroid treatment and experiencing regular or frequent breakthrough symptoms requiring use of a short-acting bronchodilator. Not indicated for asthma that can be successfully managed with occasional use of an inhaled, short-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist. Also used for the prevention of exercise-induced bronchospasm, as well as long-term treatment of bronchospasm associated with COPD.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Indacaterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indacaterol is a novel, ultra-long-acting, rapid onset β(2)-adrenoceptor agonist developed for Novartis for the once-daily management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) under the trade name Onbrez on November 30, 2009, and by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), under the trade name Arcapta Neohaler, on July 1, 2011. Indacaterol is provided as its maleate salt form. Indacaterol is also a chiral molecule but only the pure R-enantiomer is dispensed.
4. Indication:  For the long term, once-daily-dosing maintenance of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Buformin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Buformin is an anti-diabetic drug of the biguanide class, chemically related to metformin and phenformin. It was withdrawn from the market in most countries due to a high risk of causing lactic acidosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenformin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A biguanide hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of metformin. Although it is generally considered to be associated with an unacceptably high incidence of lactic acidosis, often fatal, it is still available in some countries. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p290)
4. Indication:  For the reatment of type II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Suptavumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Suptavumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Wood creosote
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Guaiacolsulfonate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Guaiacolsulfonate is an aromatic sulfonic acid. Potassium guaiacolsulfonate salt is an expectorant that thins the mucus in the lungs and reduces chest congestion.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Fomepizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.
4. Indication:  Antizol is indicated as an antidote for ethylene glycol (such as antifreeze) or methanol poisoning, or for use in suspected ethylene glycol or methanol ingestion, either alone or in combination with hemodialysis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An organic amine proton acceptor. It is used in the synthesis of surface-active agents and pharmaceuticals; as an emulsifying agent for cosmetic creams and lotions, mineral oil and paraffin wax emulsions, as a biological buffer, and used as an alkalizer. (From Merck, 11th ed; Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1424)
4. Indication:  For the prevention and correction of metabolic acidosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Etamivan
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Etamivan (INN) or ethamivan (USAN), trade name Analepticon, is a respiratory stimulant drug related to nikethamide. It is no longer used in the United States. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Motavizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.
4. Indication:  Used in preventing and treating iron-deficiency anemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mafenide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mafenide is a sulfonamide-type medication used to treat severe burns. It acts by reducing the bacterial population present in the burn tissue and promotes healing of deep burns. 
4. Indication:  Mafenide is indicated in the treatment of severe burns.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  BTA9881
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA9881 is a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antiviral drug developed by the Australian company Biota Holdings. It is currently in phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infections.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Glucose Oxidase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glucose Oxidase has been investigated for the treatment of Upper Respiratory Tract Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fenspiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
