DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CAM-2029
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAM2029 is a new ready-to-use, long-acting octreotide formulation being developed for the long-term treatment of acromegaly, carcinoid syndrome and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP)-producing tumours. CAM2029 was found to provide long-acting release of octreotide resulting in a statistically significant suppression of a clinical biomarker insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) over the target one-month therapeutic period.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acromegaly and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pegvisomant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly. Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.
4. Indication:  Pegvisomant is a growth hormone receptor antagonist used for the treatment of acromegaly.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Somatoprim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somatoprim is under investigation for the treatment of Acromegaly.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Lanreotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lanreotide (INN) is a medication used in the management of acromegaly and symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, most notably carcinoid syndrome. It is a long-acting analogue of somatostatin, like octreotide. Its sequence is H-D-2Nal-Cys(1)-Tyr-D-Trp-Lys-Val-Cys(1)-Thr-NH2. Lanreotide (as lanreotide acetate) is manufactured by Ipsen, and marketed under the trade name Somatuline. It is available in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, and was approved for sale in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on August 30, 2007.
4. Indication:  Lanreotide is a somatostatin analog approved for treatment of neuroendocrine tumours and acromegaly. (2)
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Octreotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octreotide is the acetate salt of a cyclic octapeptide. It is a long-acting octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acromegaly and reduction of side effects from cancer chemotherapy
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Protirelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Protirelin is the pharmaceutically available synthetic analogue of the endogenous peptide thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH). It is a tri-peptide tropic hormone, released by the hypothalamus, that stimulates the release of Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) and prolactin from the anterior pituitary. Although not currently available in any FDA-approved product, protirelin is a component of the TRH Test where it is used to test the response of the anterior pituitary gland in conditions such as secondary hypothyroidism and acromegaly. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Somatotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli
4. Indication:  For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mecasermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mecasermin contains recombinant-DNA-engineered human insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1). IGF-1 consists of 70 amino acids in a single chain with three intramolecular disulfide bridges and a molecular weight of 7649 daltons. The amino acid sequence of the product is identical to that of endogenous human IGF-1. The rhIGF-1 protein is synthesized in bacteria (E. coli) that have been modified by the addition of the gene for human IGF-1.
4. Indication:  For the long-term treatment of growth failure in pediatric patients with Primary IGFD or with GH gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to GH. It is not indicated to treat Secondary IGFD resulting from GH deficiency, malnutrition, hypothyroidism or other causes; it is not a substitute for GH therapy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
