DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Drotrecogin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond. Drotrecogin alfa was withdrawn from the market after a major study indicated that it was not effective in improving outcomes in patients with sepsis. 
4. Indication:  For reduction of mortality in patients with severe sepsis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Protein C
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Also known as blood coagulation factor XIV, Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of Protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation with thrombosis. Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceptrotin, which is indicated foruse in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
4. Indication:  Protein C Concentrate is indicated for pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lumiliximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lumiliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is a primatized anti-CD23 macaque/human chimeric antibody that inhibits the production of the IgE antibody, for the potential treatment of allergic conditions. Lumiliximab was developed by IDEC Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Biogen. Clinical trials for CLL were terminated in 2010, and for allergic asthma in 2007. Results published from the CLL clinical trial failed to meet primary endpoints.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and leukemia (lymphoid).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Thrombomodulin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thrombomodulin Alfa is a novel, recombinant and soluble thrombomodulin (ART-123). It is a human protein with both thrombin inhibiting and protein C stimulating activities, for the potential treatment of thromboembolism and blood clotting disorders, such as disseminated intravascular thromboembolism. [5]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood preservative, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), sepsis and septicemia, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  AT1391
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT1391 is a daily insulin skin patch designed to provide continuous basal levels of insulin for patients with diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Midostaurin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Midostaurin (as Rydapt) is a multitarget kinase inhibitor for the treatment for adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have a specific genetic mutation called FLT3. It was initially characterized as a potential broad-spectrum antineoplastic agent, with activity toward diverse solid and hematopoietic tumors [4]. It was approved on April 28, 2017 and has shown to increase the overall survival rate in patients with AML as an adjunct therapy along with chemotherapeutic agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adult patients with high-risk acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who are FLT3 mutation-positive, agressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM), systemic mastocytosis with associated hematological neoplasm (SM-AHN), or mast cell leukemia (MCL). 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NN344
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NN344 is a neutral, soluble long-acting human insulin analogue with 24 hour coverage by once daily injection. NN344 has a very flat and predictable action profile. The product is intended for basal insulin treatment of diabetes mellitus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), also known as catridecacog, is a recombinant form of the Factor XIII-A2 homodimer composed of two factor XIII (FXIII) A-subunits [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously available coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 catalytic A-subunits and 2 non-catalytic B-subunits (FXIII-A2B2) [4]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII A2B2 pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [2].When supplied as the recombinant form, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) binds to free human FXIII B-subunit resulting in a heterotetramer (rA2B2) with a similar activity profile and half-life as the endogenously available form. In patients with congenital factor XIII A-subunit deficiency, this product (marketed as Tretten) is indicated for the routine prophylaxis of bleeding. In these patients, activated rFXIII has been shown to increase the mechanical strength of fibrin clots, slow down fibrinolysis, and to enhance platelet adhesion to the site of injury. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[4]. Other drug products with similar structure and function to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) include Factor XIII (human), which is a purified endogenous (human) form of coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated, the human form is isolated from pooled human plasma.Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is available in the US as the commmercially available product Tretten, and in the EU as NovoThirteen. Tretten is manufactured as an intracellular, soluble protein in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) production strain containing the episomal expression vector, pD16. It is subsequently isolated by homogenization of cells and purification by several chromatography steps, including hydrophobic interaction and ion exchange chromatography [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For routine prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with congenital factor XIII A-Subunit deficiency.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pibrentasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pibrentasvir is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication and viron assembly. In combination with Glecaprevir, pibrentastiv is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS5A inhibitors. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at known NS5A inhibitor resistance-associated positions in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility and resistance to pibrentasvir [FDA Label]. These resistance-associated amino acid substitutions included Q30D/deletion, Y93D/H/N or H58D +Y93H in genotype 1a replicons, F28S + M31I or P29S + K30G in genotype 2a replicons, and Y93H in genotype 3a replicons. Individual NS5A amino acid substitutions that reduced susceptibility to pibrentasvir include M28G or Q30D in a genotype 1a replicon and P32-deletion in a genotype 1b replicon [FDA Label]. Pibrentasvir is available as an oral combination therapy with Glecaprevir under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis [3]. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both [3]. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of ≥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6 [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis (Child-PughA). MAVYRET is also indicated for the treatment of adult patients with HCV genotype 1 infection, who previously have been treated with a regimen containing an HCV NS5A inhibitoror an NS3/4A protease inhibitor (PI), but not both [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nitrofurantoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A bacteriostatic or bactericidal agent depending on the concentration and susceptibility of the infecting organism. Nitrofurantoin is active against some gram positive organisms such as S. aureus, S. epidermidis, S. saprophyticus, Enterococcus faecalis, S. agalactiae, group D streptococci, viridians streptococci and Corynebacterium. Its spectrum of activity against gram negative organisms includes E. coli, Enterobacter, Neisseria, Salmonella and Shigella. It may be used as an alternative to trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treating urinary tract infections though it may be less effective at eradicating vaginal bacteria. May also be used in females as prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. Nitrofurantoin is highly stable to the development of bacterial resistance, a property thought to be due to its multiplicity of mechanisms of action. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an alternative in the treatment of urinary tract infections. May be used by females pericoitally for prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cobimetinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cobimetinib is an orally active, potent and highly selective small molecule inhibiting mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MAP2K1 or MEK1), and central components of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signal transduction pathway. It has been approved in Switzerland and the US, in combination with vemurafenib for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic BRAF V600 mutation-positive melanoma.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation. Cobimetinib is used in combination with vemurafenib, a BRAF inhibitor.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lixisenatide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lixisenatide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist used in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). It is sold under the brand name Adlyxin by Sanofi-Aventis. Adlyxin recieved FDA approval July 28, 2016 [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an antihyperglycemic agent in the treatment of T2DM [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Velpatasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Velpatasvir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Velpatasvir acts as a defective substrate for NS5A (Non-Structural Protein 5A), a non-enzymatic viral protein that plays a key role in Hepatitis C Virus replication, assembly, and modulation of host immune responses [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as velpatasvir. Notably, velpatasvir has a significantly higher barrier to resistance than the first generation NS5A inhibitors, such as Ledipasvir and Daclatasvir, making it a highly potent and reliable alternative for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C [6]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Velpatasvir as first line therapy in combination with sofosbuvir for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [8]. Velpatasvir is currently only available within a fixed dose combination product as Epclusa with Sofosbuvir, another direct acting antiviral. Goals of therapy for Epclusa include the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality and risk of requiring a liver transplant [5].Since June 2016, Velpatasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir, as the commercially available product Epclusa. Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. It is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis and a high barrier to resistance [8]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [8, 5].
4. Indication:  Velpatasvir is used in combination therapy with other antiviral medications to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infected patients with HCV genoptypes 1-6, and to treat HCV and HIV co-infected patients. Depending on the level of cirrhosis or decompensation, combination therapy can also include therapy with Ribavirin.When used in combination with Sofosbuvir as the combination product Epclusa, Velpatasvir is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, or in combination with Ribavirin if associated with decompensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Rilonacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old. 
4. Indication:  Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  BMS-582949
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BMS-582949 has been investigated for the treatment of Psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline is a solid. This compound belongs to the isoquinolines and derivatives. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing an isoquinoline moiety, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a pyridine ring and forming benzo[c]pyridine. This medication is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 10.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Rhein
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [1]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  RP101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP101 is targeted at preventing tumor cells from developing resistance to chemotherapy, one of the most challenging areas facing oncologists. RP101 would be used as a co-treatment with cytostatic drugs to give a broader range of chemotherapy treatment options, thereby extending survival periods and improving quality of life for the cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), chemotherapy, and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aprinocarsen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aprinocarsen is a specific antisense oligonucleotide inhibitor of protein kinase C-alpha.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lung cancer.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Elbasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elbasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [5]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Elbasvir. Elbasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [Synthesis]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [3]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 are known to confer resistance to Elbasvir [FDA Label]. Despite this disadvantage Elbasvir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Grazoprevir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Elbasvir as first line therapy in combination with Grazoprevir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [3]. Elbasvir and Grazoprevir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4].Elbasvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Grazoprevir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Elbasvir and Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [5]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Elbasvir, when used in combination with Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier, is indicated for use with or without ribavirin for the treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Streptokinase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Streptokinase, is a sterile, purified preparation of a bacterial protein elaborated by group C (beta) -hemolytic streptococci.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute evolving transmural myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, arterial thrombosis or emolism and occlusion of arteriovenous cannulae
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Insulin Pork
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type I and II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Activated charcoal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Activated charcoal, or activated carbon, is an amorphous form of carbon prepared from incomplete combustion of carbonaceous organic matter. It is activated by an oxidizing gas flow at high temperature passed over its surface to make a fine network of pores, producing a material with large surface area and high affinity for various substances. It is used as a gastric decontaminant and emergency medication to treat poisonings following excessive oral ingestion of certain medications or poisons by absorbing most drugs and toxins. However its effects is rendered poor on some compounds including strong acids or bases, methanol and substances with limited absorptive capacity (including iron, lithium, arsenic). It works by binding to the poison in the gastric contents in a reversible fashion thus may be adminstered together with a cathartic to reduce the small intestine transit time. The clinical applications of activated charcoal occured in the early 1800's. While this management for acute poisoning is considered fairly invasive, it is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines that includes the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Used as a antidote to treat poisonings following excessive oral ingestion of certain medications or poisons. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Desirudin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desirudin is a direct inhibitor of human thrombin. It has a protein structure that is similar to that of hirudin, the naturally occurring anticoagulant present in the peripharyngeal glands in the medicinal leech, Hirudo medicinalis. Hirudin is a single polypeptide chain of 65 amino acids residues and contains three disulfide bridges. Desirudin has a chemical formula of C287H440N80O110S6 with a molecular weight of 6963.52.It is mainly indicated for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis in hip replacement surgery patients.Common side effects include: Bleeding gums, collection of blood under the skin, coughing up blood, deep, dark purple bruise and difficulty with breathing or swallowing.
4. Indication:  Indicated as prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis for patients undergoing hip replacement surgery. 
