DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Remestemcel-L
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Remestemcel-L is a third-party, off-the-shelf suspension of ex-vivo cultured adult human mesenchymal stem cells intended for intravenous infusion. The mesenchymal stem cells are derived from the bone marrow of unrelated and human leukocyte antigen (HLA)–unmatched healthy adult donors and have the ability to differentiate into different tissue cells. It was approved for use in Canada in May 2012 as Prochymal for the management of refractory acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in children who are unresponsive to systemic steroid therapies, with the approval conditional upon further trials being conducted.aGvHD is a T-cell mediated disease that occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant and is a reaction of donor immune cells against host tissues [A31822] developed by 30-80% of the recipients [1]. aGvHD is often characterized by the presence of inflammatory cascades through signalling of activated T cells. While systemic corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents are commonly used as first-line treatments to manage aGvHD, about 30-50% of patients with aGvHD experience inadequately control of disease with first-line therapies, putting them in a risk for poor outcomes and creating a significant clinical challenge [1]. It is estimated that the patients with the most severe forms of refractory aGvHD that do not respond to steroid therapy have expected one-year survival rates of only 5% to 30% [6]. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) serve to down-regulate inflammatory responses and produce anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors to promote tissue repair [1]. In clinical studies, patients treated with remestemcel-L demonstrated an improvement in their aGvHD and improved survival rates at subsequent days following intravenous infusion [6]. Based on its tolerability and safety profile, remestemcel-L is a promising alternative to second-line immunosuppressive agents [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for in the management of acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in pediatric patients. Acute GvHD should be refractory to treatment with systemic corticosteroid therapy and/or other immunosuppressive agents. Remestemcel-L may be used for Grades C and D of the disease in any organ. Remestemcel-L may also be used in the management of Grade B aGvHD involving any visceral organ, including the GI tract and the liver, but excluding skin [6].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ragweed pollen extract
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ragweed pollen extract has been developed by Curalogic. The company has initiated a phase III trial with its product for oral immunotherapy of ragweed allergy. While traditional disease-modifying immunotherapeutics are administered by subcutaneous injection, Curalogic has developed a more convenient orally administered drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  ROX-888
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ROX-888 is ROXRO's lead compound which is currently in Phase 3 trials for the treatment of acute pain, including post-operative pain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  REV131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rEV131 is in development for allergic rhinitis, asthma and several inflammatory eye diseases. It is a topically delivered small protein that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction, allergic rhinitis, and cataracts.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  SP1049C
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SP1049C is a novel anthracycline chemotherapeutic agent designed to overcome drug resistance in a number of cancers. It has successfully completed Phase 1 trials. Phase 2 results are currently under final review. Preliminary data, in its first clinically tested indication, shows that SP1049C is active in Stage IV non-resectable adenocarcinoma of the oesophagus. Median survival is encouraging and correlates strongly with dose levels.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of carcinoma of the oesophagus.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Arylacenamide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arylacenamide (SR31747) is a peripheral [sigma] ligand that binds four proteins in human cells, i.e. SRBP-1, [sigma]-2, HSI and its relative SRBP-2. It is a dual agent with both immunomodulatory and antiproliferative activities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), immunosuppressive, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  AX200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and strokes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Amrubicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Amrubicin is a third-generation synthetic anthracycline currently in development for the treatment of small cell lung cancer. Pharmion licensed the rights to Amrubicin in November 2006. In 2002, Amrubicin was approved and launched for sale in Japan based on Phase 2 efficacy data in both SCLC and NSCLC. Since January 2005, Amrubicin has been marketed by Nippon Kayaku, a Japanese pharmaceutical firm focused on oncology, which licensed Japanese marketing rights from Dainippon Sumitomo, the original developer of Amrubicin [13, 15].
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lung cancer [2].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Camptothecin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA topoisomerase, type I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatment of cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  TNX-901
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TNX-901 is a therapeutic monoclonal antibodies designed to address significant unmet medical needs in the areas of asthma, allergy, inflammation and other diseases affecting the human immune system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cytarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute non-lymphocytic leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia and blast phase of chronic myelocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sulfacytine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfacytine is a short-acting sulfonamide. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of p-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections.Sulfacytine is a competitive inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. It inhibits bacterial synthesis of of dihydrofolic acid by preventing the condensation of the pteridine with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
4. Indication:  Used orally in the treatment of acute urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Brentuximab vedotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brentuximab vedotin, also known as Adcetris®, is an antibody-drug conjugate that combines an anti-CD30 antibody with the drug monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE). It is an anti-neoplastic agent used in the treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma. Brentuximab vedotin was initially approved in 2011. In January 2012, the drug label was revised with a boxed warning of a condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and death due to opportunistic JC virus infection post treatment [5]. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Adcetris in March 2018 to treat adult patients with previously untreated stage III or IV classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) in combination with chemotherapy [5].Adcetris has also been previously approved by the FDA to treat Hodgkin's lymphoma after relapse, Hodgkin's lymphoma after stem cell transplantation when a patient has a high risk of relapse or progression, systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) after the failure of other treatment regimens, and primary cutaneous ALCL after failure of other treatment regimens [5].Lymphoma is a malignancy that begins in the lymphatic system, which helps to combat infection and disease. Lymphoma may begin anywhere in the body and can spread to nearby lymph nodes. The two main types of lymphoma are Hodgkin lymphoma (also called Hodgkin disease) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Most individuals with Hodgkin's lymphoma have the classical type. In this type of lymphoma, large, abnormal lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell) are found in the lymph nodes called Reed-Sternberg cells. With early diagnosis and intervention, patients with Hodgkin lymphoma normally experience long-term remission [5].The ECHELON-1 study results demonstrated superior efficacy of the drug combined with a chemotherapy regimen when it is compared to the previous standard of care. Importantly, removing the drug bleomycin, a highly toxic agent, was completely removed from the regimen. This demonstrates meaningful progress in treatment for patients affected by this disease [6].
4. Indication:  Seattle Genetics Announced FDA Approval of ADCETRIS® (Brentuximab Vedotin) in combination with chemotherapy for adults with previously untreated stage III or IV Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma in March 2018 [5, 6].Hodgkin lymphoma after failure of autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) or after failure of at least two prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimens in patients who are not ASCT candidates [FDA Label], [5].Systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma after failure of at least one prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimen [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lumefantrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumefantrine is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with artemether for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of Plasmodium spp. and may be used to treat infections caused by P. falciparum and unidentified Plasmodium species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.
4. Indication:  Lumefantrine and artemether combination therapy is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum, including malaria acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas. May also be used to treat uncomplicated malaria when the Plasmodium species has not been identified. Indicated for use in adults and children greater than 5 kg. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Daunorubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A very toxic anthracycline aminoglycoside antineoplastic isolated from Streptomyces peucetius and others, used in treatment of leukemia and other neoplasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For remission induction in acute nonlymphocytic leukemia (myelogenous, monocytic, erythroid) of adults and for remission induction in acute lymphocytic leukemia of children and adults.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Nitroprusside
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitroprusside serves as a source of nitric oxide, a potent peripheral vasodilator that affects both arterioles and venules (venules more than arterioles). Nitroprusside is often administered intravenously to patients who are experiencing a hypertensive emergency. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For immediate reduction of blood pressure of patients in hypertensive crises, reduce bleeding during surgery, and for the treatment of acute congestive heart failure
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Aminocaproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antifibrinolytic agent that acts by inhibiting plasminogen activators which have fibrinolytic properties.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of excessive postoperative bleeding.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ulinastatin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ulinastatin has been investigated for the prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Adverse Reaction to Drug.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tafluprost
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A prostaglandin analogue ester prodrug used topically (as eye drops) to control the progression of glaucoma and in the management of ocular hypertension. Chemically, tafluprost is a fluorinated analog of prostaglandin F2-alpha. Tafluprost was approved for use in the U.S. on February 10, 2012.
4. Indication:  Tafluprost is indicated for reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  HZT-501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HZT-501 is under investigation by Horizon Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biopharmaceutical company. It has entered Phase 3 clinical trials in March 2007 for reduction of the risk of development of ibuprofen-associated upper gastrointestinal (i.e., gastric and/or duodenal) ulcers. HZT-501 is a combination product including ibuprofen and the acid reducing agent famotidine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Busulfan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Busulfan is a bifunctional alkylating agent, having a selective immunosuppressive effect on bone marrow. It is not a structural analog of the nitrogen mustards. It has been used in the palliative treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (myeloid leukemia, chronic), but although symptomatic relief is provided, no permanent remission is brought about. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), busulfan is listed as a known carcinogen. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in combination with cyclophosphamide as a conditioning regimen prior to allogeneic hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation for chronic myelogenous (myeloid, myelocytic, granulocytic) leukemia (FDA has designated busulfan as an orphan drug for this use). It is also used as a component of pretransplant conditioning regimens in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation for acute myeloid leukemia and nonmalignant diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  IC41
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IC41 is a therapeutic peptide vaccine. It is being devloped by Intercell AG for the treatment of hepatitis C. The vaccine consists of five synthetic peptides (IPEP83, 84, 87, 89,1426) harboring HCV CD4 and CD8 T-cell epitopes and the synthetic adjuvant poly-L-arginine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sulfisoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Silver sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Silver sulfadiazine is a sulfa derivative topical antibacterial used primarily on second- and third-degree burns. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct for the prevention and treatment of wound sepsis in patients with second- and third-degree burns.
