DrugId:  1
1. Name:  cryopreserved human liver cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vesta Therapeutics is a privately held company developing cell therapeutics for liver repair and regeneration. The Company's technology is centered on the isolation, expansion, and cryopreservation of liver cells (human hepatocytes) obtained from organ donor livers that are not suitable for whole organ transplantation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  MBO7133
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MB07133 is a HepDirect prodrug of an activated form of cytarabine (araC), an anti-cancer drug that is used to treat leukemia but is ineffective against primary liver cancer. AraC's anti-cancer activity is associated with its ability to be converted to its biologically active form, araCTP. However, araC is only slowly converted to araCTP in the liver or in primary liver tumors due to low levels of an enzyme in the liver that is required for the conversion of araC to araCMP, the first step in the activation pathway of the drug. Higher doses of araC cannot be used to overcome this limitation due to bone marrow toxicity resulting from rapid activation in that tissue. MB07133 uses our HepDirect technology to target a prodrug form of araCMP specifically to the liver. Once in the liver cell, the prodrug is rapidly cleaved, producing araCMP, bypassing the rate-limiting enzyme. Once generated in the target tissue, araCMP is rapidly converted to araCTP, the cancer-killing active form. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tremelimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tremelimumab is under investigation for the treatment of Mesothelioma, Liver Cancer, Liver Neoplasms, Liver Cell Caricinoma, and HepatoCellular Carcinoma. Tremelimumab has been investigated in Part C: Malignant Mesothelioma and Part A and B: Advanced Solid Malignancies.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Selurampanel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Selurampanel has been investigated in Adrenocortical Adenoma and Sarcoma, Endometrial Stromal.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Osilodrostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Osilodrostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIMAH, PPNAD, Hypertension, Adrenal adenoma, and Renal Impairment, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rebamipide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rebamipide has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Ulcer, Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca, and Gastric Adenoma and Early Gastric Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Omalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant DNA-derived humanized IgG1k monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to human immunoglobulin E (IgE). Xolair is produced by a Chinese hamster ovary cell suspension culture in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of asthma caused by allergies
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sodium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium citrate is the sodium salt of citric acid. It is white, crystalline powder or white, granular crystals, slightly deliquescent in moist air, freely soluble in water,practically insoluble in alcohol. Like citric acid, it has a sour taste.From the medical point of view, it is used as alkalinizing agent. It works by neutralizing excess acid in the blood and urine. It has been indicated for the treatment of metabolic acidosis.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant during plasmophoresis as well as a neutralizing agent in the treatment of upset stomach and acidic urine [FDA Label] [6] [7].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Grn163l
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GRN163L is a novel anti-cancer drug. It has been characterized preclinically and shown to inhibit telomerase in human tumor cells of many cancer types (including lung, breast, prostate, liver, and early stage of human breast cancer), in both cell culture systems and animal models. Study of this drug shows the its potential utility in the treatment of patients with hematologic and solid tumor malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  IMC-1C11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IMC-1C11 is an anti-angiogenesis agent. It is a chimeric anti-kinase insert domain-containing receptor (KDR) antibody that blocks VEGFR-KDR interaction and inhibits VEGFR-induced endothelial cell proliferation. IMC-1C11 is used for treatment of patients with liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Irofulven
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A novel anti-cancer compound synthesized by scientists at the University of California, San Diego more than a decade ago from toxins of the poisonous jack-o-lantern mushroom, has been granted “fast track” status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) after demonstrating promise against one of the most deadly cancers. MGI-114 (Irofulven) is currently being developed by MGI PHARMA, Inc., an emerging oncology-focused pharmaceutical company based in Minneapolis. Phase III clinical trials involving the drug have been underway since early 2001 at sites in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, liver cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, pediatric indications, prostate cancer, and sarcoma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Muromonab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Murine monoclonal antibody specific to CD3 T-cell lymphocyte antigens. More specifically it is a purified murine (mouse) monoclonal antibody, directed against the CD3 (T3) receptor on the surface of human T-cells (T-lymphocytes) cultured using the murine ascites method. Muromonab is 93% monomeric immune globulin G type 2a (IgG2a).
4. Indication:  For treatment of organ transplant recipients, prevention of organ rejection
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acetohexamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent that is metabolized in the liver to 1-hydrohexamide. Acetohexamide has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used in the management of diabetes mellitus type 2 (adult-onset).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Allergenic extract- beef liver
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef liver allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Picosulfuric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Picosulfuric acid (as sodium picosulfate) is a contact laxative used as a treatment for constipation or to prepare the large bowel before colonoscopy or surgery.
4. Indication:  For cleansing of the colon as a preparation for colonoscopy in adults.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Olive oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oil extracted from olives [1]. Consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids linoleic, oleic and palmitic. Used as a source of fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition and as an additive in some cosmetic products [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in adults as a source of calories and fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition [FDA Label]. Sometimes used as an additive in cosmetic products.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Abatacept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Abatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. Although approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, Repligen has entered a slightly different formulation of CTLA4-Ig into clinical trials (RG2077).
4. Indication:  For the management of the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe active rheumatoid arthritis, inducing major clinical response, slowing the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in adult patients. It is indicated both as a monotherapy and for use in combination with a continued regimen of DMARDs (not including TNF antagonists). Also used for the management of the signs and symptoms of moderately to severely active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Desflurane
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desflurane is a highly fluorinated methyl ethyl ether used for maintenance of general anaesthesia. Volatile agents such as desflurane may activate GABA channels and hyperpolarize cell membranes. In addition, they may inhibit certain calcium channels and therefore prevent release of neurotransmitters and inhibit glutamate channels. Volatile anesthetics easily partition into cellular membranes and could expand the volume of the cell membrane and subsequently distort channels necessary for sodium ion flux and the development of action potentials necessary for synaptic transmission. Desflurane preconditions human myocardium against ischemia through activation of mitochondrial K(ATP) channels, adenosine A1 receptor, and alpha and beta adrenoceptors.
4. Indication:  For use as an inhalation agent for induction and/or maintenance of anesthesia for inpatient and outpatient surgery in adults.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Choline C 11
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Choline C 11 is a marker for cellular proliferation as its main molecule is a precursor for the biosynthesis of phospholipids which are essential components of all cell membranes.[4] It was developed by MCPRF and FDA first approved in September 2012.
4. Indication:  Choline C11 is indicated for its use in positron emission tomography (PET) imaging in patients with suspected prostate cancer recurrence and non-informative bone scintigraphy, computerized tomography or magnetic resonance imaging.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Remestemcel-L
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Remestemcel-L is a third-party, off-the-shelf suspension of ex-vivo cultured adult human mesenchymal stem cells intended for intravenous infusion. The mesenchymal stem cells are derived from the bone marrow of unrelated and human leukocyte antigen (HLA)–unmatched healthy adult donors and have the ability to differentiate into different tissue cells. It was approved for use in Canada in May 2012 as Prochymal for the management of refractory acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in children who are unresponsive to systemic steroid therapies, with the approval conditional upon further trials being conducted.aGvHD is a T-cell mediated disease that occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant and is a reaction of donor immune cells against host tissues [A31822] developed by 30-80% of the recipients [1]. aGvHD is often characterized by the presence of inflammatory cascades through signalling of activated T cells. While systemic corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents are commonly used as first-line treatments to manage aGvHD, about 30-50% of patients with aGvHD experience inadequately control of disease with first-line therapies, putting them in a risk for poor outcomes and creating a significant clinical challenge [1]. It is estimated that the patients with the most severe forms of refractory aGvHD that do not respond to steroid therapy have expected one-year survival rates of only 5% to 30% [6]. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) serve to down-regulate inflammatory responses and produce anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors to promote tissue repair [1]. In clinical studies, patients treated with remestemcel-L demonstrated an improvement in their aGvHD and improved survival rates at subsequent days following intravenous infusion [6]. Based on its tolerability and safety profile, remestemcel-L is a promising alternative to second-line immunosuppressive agents [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for in the management of acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in pediatric patients. Acute GvHD should be refractory to treatment with systemic corticosteroid therapy and/or other immunosuppressive agents. Remestemcel-L may be used for Grades C and D of the disease in any organ. Remestemcel-L may also be used in the management of Grade B aGvHD involving any visceral organ, including the GI tract and the liver, but excluding skin [6].
