DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Exisulind
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adenomatous polyposis coli, lung cancer, prostate cancer, colon polyps, Barrett's esophagus disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Cenegermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cenegermin is a human beta-nerve growth factor (beta-ngf)-(1-118)- peptide (non-covalent dimer) produced in escherichia coli. It received European Union Approval in July, 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe neurotrophic keratitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pyrvinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pyrvinium is an anthelmintic effective for pinworms. Several forms of pyrvinium have been prepared with variable counter anions, such as halides, tosylate, triflate and pamoate. Pyrvinum's anti-cancer properties are currently under investigation.
4. Indication:  Pyrvinium was once used in the treatment of pinworm infestations [3].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Oprelvekin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oprelvekin, the active ingredient in Neumega® is recombinant Interleukin eleven, which is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) by recombinant DNA technology. The protein has a molecular mass of approximately 19,000 daltons, and is non-glycosylated. The polypeptide is 177 amino acids in length (the natural IL-11 has 178). This alteration has not resulted in measurable differences in bioactivity either in vitro or in vivo.The primary hematopoietic activity of Neumega® is stimulation of megakaryocytopoiesis and thrombopoiesis. In mice and nonhuman primate studies Neumega® has shown potent thrombopoietic activity in compromised hematopoiesis, including moderately to severely myelosuppressed animals. In these studies, Neumega® improved platelet nadirs and accelerated platelet recoveries compared to controls.In animal studies Oprelvekin also has non-hematopoetic activities. This includes the regulation of intestinal epithelium growth (enhanced healing of gastrointestinal lesions), the inhibition of adipogenesis, the induction of acute phase protein synthesis (e.g., fibrinogen), and inhibition of macrophageal released pro-inflammatory cytokines.
4. Indication:  Increases reduced platelet levels due to chemotherapy
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Asparaginase Escherichia coli
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asparaginase derived from Escherichia coli (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from E. coli has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [1, 2]. L-asparaginase of E. coli is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from E. coli works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [3]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is recommended [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Interferon gamma-1b
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Interferon gamma-1b (140 residues), produced from E. coli. Production of Actimmune is achieved by fermentation of a genetically engineered Escherichia coli bacterium containing the DNA which encodes for the human protein. Purification of the product is achieved by conventional column chromatography.The sequence displayed is a cDNA sequence which codes for human interferon gamma, as described by Gray et. al. and not specifically interferon gamma 1b.
4. Indication:  Interferon gamma-1b is used for the treatment of Chronic granulomatous disease and Osteopetrosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Mepolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mepolizumab is a humanized IL-5 antagonist monoclonal antibody produced by recombinant DNA technology in Chinese hamster ovary cells. It has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kDa. It was approved by the FDA in November, 2015 for the treatment of asthma under the brand name Nucala (marketed by GlaxoSmithKline). Mepolizumab has been investigated in the treatment of severe nasal polyposis, among numerous other conditions.
4. Indication:  Mepolizumab is indicated for add-on maintenance treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma, as identified by blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 150 cells/μl at initiation of treatment or blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 300 cells/μl in the past 12 months, in patients aged 12 years and older. Mepolizumab has been shown to reduce exacerbations of asthma in patients with an exacerbation history
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Carbenicillin indanyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carindacillin (INN), also known as Carbenicillin indanyl (USAN) is a penicillin antibiotic. It is a prodrug of carbenicillin. It is administered orally, as the sodium salt. It is no longer marketed in the United states, but used to be marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Geocillin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Morganella morganii, Providencia rettgeri, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas, Enterobacter, and Enterococci.). Also indicated in the treatment of prostatitis (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli Enterococcus (S. faecalis), Proteus mirabilis Enterobacter sp.).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nalidixic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms, including the majority of E. Coli, Enterobacter species, Klebsiella species, and Proteus species.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Avibactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options. 
4. Indication:  AVYCAZ (ceftazidime-avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii, Proteus spp., and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Denileukin diftitox
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant DNA-derived cytotoxic protein composed of the amino acid sequences for diphtheria toxin fragments A and B (Met 1-Thr 387)-His followed by the sequences for interleukin-2 (IL-2; Ala 1-Thr 133). It is produced in an E. coli expression system.
4. Indication:  For treatment of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Lyme disease vaccine (recombinant OspA)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Vaccine against Lyme disease that contains lipoprotein OspA, an outer surface protein of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto ZS7, as expressed by Escherichia coli. Lipoprotein OspA is a single polypeptide chain of 257 amino acids with lipids covalently bonded to the N terminus. It is conjugated with alum (aluminum hydroxide) as an adjuvant.
4. Indication:  For prophylactic treatment of Lyme Disease
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  N-Formylmethionine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Effective in the initiation of protein synthesis. The initiating methionine residue enters the ribosome as N-formylmethionyl tRNA. This process occurs in Escherichia coli and other bacteria as well as in the mitochondria of eucaryotic cells. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Glucarpidase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glucarpidase is the recombinant form of the Pseudomonas sp. (strain RS-16) enzyme carboxypeptidase G2 that is produced in Escherichia coli. In patients, glucarpidase inactivates methotrexate, and other antifolates, by hydrolyzing glutamate on the carboxyl terminal of these compounds. Therefore since methotrexate is eliminated enzymatically and not by the kidneys, glucarpidase is indicated in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (>1 micromole per liter). Glucarpidase is marketed under the brand name Voraxaze®.
4. Indication:  Used in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (> 1 micromole per liter).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pegaspargase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegylated L-asparagine amidohydrolase from E. coli. Pegylation substantially (by a factor of 4) extends the protein half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  P113D
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  P113D is a novel 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide drug derived from histatins, which are compounds found naturally in human saliva. It is being pursued as a potential treatment for cystic fibrosis by Demegen, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of cystic fibrosis and bacterial infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cefepime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia (moderate to severe) caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Enterobacter species. Also for empiric treatment of febrile neutropenic patients and uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis) caused by Escherichia coli or Klebsiella pneumoniae, when the infection is severe, or caused by Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Proteus mirabilis, when the infection is mild to moderate, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia with these microorganisms. Also for the treatment of uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible strains only) or Streptococcus pyogenes and complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole) caused by Escherichia coli, viridans group streptococci, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter species, or Bacteroides fragilis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sulbactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulbactam is a β-lactamase inhibitor given in combination with β-lactam antibiotics to inhibit β-lactamase, an enzyme produced by bacteria that destroys antibiotic activity.
4. Indication:  Sulbactam is currently available in combination products with ampicillin. Within this formulation it is indicated for the treatment of infections due to susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the conditions listed below.Skin and Skin Structure Infections caused by beta-lactamase producing strains of Staphylococcus aureus, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. (including K. pneumoniae), Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Enterobacter spp., and Acinetobacter calcoaceticus.Intra-Abdominal Infections caused by beta-lactamase producing strains of Escherichia coli, Klebsiella spp. (including K. pneumoniae), Bacteroides spp. (including B. fragilis), and Enterobacter spp.Gynecological Infections caused by beta-lactamase producing strains of Escherichia coli, and Bacteroides spp. (including B. fragilis).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Budesonide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Budesonide is a glucocorticoid used in the management of asthma, the treatment of various skin disorders, and allergic rhinitis. [PubChem] The extended release oral tablet, marketed as Uceris, was FDA approved on January 14, 2013 for the management of ulcerative colitis. Budesonide is provided as a mixture of two epimers (22R and 22S). Interestingly, the 22R form is two times more active than the 22S epimer. The two forms do not interconvert. 
4. Indication:  The oral capsule is used for the treatment of mild to moderate active Crohn's disease. The oral tablet is used for induction of remission in patients with active, mild to moderate ulcerative colitis. The oral inhalation formulation is used for the treatment of asthma, non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Interferon alfacon-1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Enoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults (≥18 years of age) with the following infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urethral or cervical gonorrhea due to Neisseria gonorrhoeae, (2) uncomplicated urinary tract infections (cystitis) due to Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Staphylococcus saprophyticus, and (3) complicated urinary tract infections due to Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Enterobacter cloacae.
