DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Selurampanel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Selurampanel has been investigated in Adrenocortical Adenoma and Sarcoma, Endometrial Stromal.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Osilodrostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Osilodrostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIMAH, PPNAD, Hypertension, Adrenal adenoma, and Renal Impairment, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rebamipide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rebamipide has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Ulcer, Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca, and Gastric Adenoma and Early Gastric Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pemirolast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Mequitazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hay fever, urticaria (hives) and allergic rhinitis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dexbrompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexbrompheniramine maleate is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of symptoms of allergies, hay fever, and colds
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Triprolidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dexchlorpheniramine maleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexchlorpheniramine is the S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine which is a 1st generation anti-histamine. Dexchlorpheniramine has more pharmacological activity than the R and so is more potent than the racemic mixture.
4. Indication:  Dexchlorpheniramine can be used in the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhiniti, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and dermographism.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Brompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist used in treatment of allergies, rhinitis, and urticaria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms of the common cold and allergic rhinitis, such as runny nose, itchy eyes, watery eyes, and sneezing.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides farinae
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides farinae extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides farinae extract is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoidesfarinae house dust mites, or skin testing to  licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. ODACTRA is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus house dust mites, or skin testing to licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlorphenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rhinitis, urticaria, allergy, common cold, asthma and hay fever.
