DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Atamestane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Atamestane has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Breast Neoplasms, and Neoplasms, Hormone-Dependent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mitotane
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of the insecticide dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane that specifically inhibits cells of the adrenal cortex and their production of hormones. It is used to treat adrenocortical tumors and causes CNS damage, but no bone marrow depression. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of inoperable adrenocortical tumours; Cushing's syndrome
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Androstenedione
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A delta-4 C19 steroid that is produced not only in the testis, but also in the ovary and the adrenal cortex. Depending on the tissue type, androstenedione can serve as a precursor to testosterone as well as estrone and estradiol.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  NCX 1022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX is an NO-releasing derivative of hydrocortisone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  5-androstenedione
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  5-androstenedione is a prohormone of testosterone. In the United States, the Controlled Substance Act is inclusive to anabolic steroids and their precursors. Thus 5-androstenedione is a controlled substance. The World Anti-Doping Agency also prohibits use of 5-androstenedione in athletes. 5-androstenedione is structurally similar to 4-androstenedione, with the exception of the positioning of a carbon-carbon double bond. 4-Androstenedione is a prohormone which is naturally produced in the body by the adrenal glands and gonads, and acts as precursor to testosterone, as well as estrone and estradiol. [Wikipedia] 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  ME-609
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ME-609 is a Medivir’s combination treatment against labial herpes which suppresses the virus while moderating the immune system’s reaction. Clinical trials demonstrated that cold sores become far smaller, and in a significant number of cases, do not arise. This concept is highly competitive since none of the market’s current pharmaceuticals can prevent the incidence of cold sores.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in herpes labialis infections (cold sores).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pregnenolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A 21-carbon steroid, derived from CHOLESTEROL and found in steroid hormone-producing tissues. Pregnenolone is the precursor to GONADAL STEROID HORMONES and the adrenal CORTICOSTEROIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Trilostane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Trilostane is an inhibitor of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It was withdrawn from the United States market in April 1994. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It is normally used in short-term treatment until permanent therapy is possible.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fluprednidene
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fluprednidene (as fluprednidene acetate) is a corticosteroid.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cortexolone 17α-propionate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cortexolone 17α-propionate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Equilenin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An estrogenic steroid produced by HORSES. It has a total of five double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of equilenin is found in the URINE of pregnant mares. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Fluasterone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, hyperlipidemia, metabolic disease, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and obesity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Prasterone sulfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DHEA sulfate is the major steroid of the fetal adrenal. DHEA-S is the principal adrenal androgen and is secreted together with cortisol under the control of ACTH and prolactin. DHEA-S is elevated with hyperprolactinemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Istaroxime
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Desoxycorticosterone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Fluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fluocortolone is a glucocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity used topically for various skin disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Anecortave
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anecortave is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00691717 (Anecortave Acetate Safety in Patients With Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Diflorasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diflorasone is a topical corticosteroid used to treat itching and inflammation of the skin.
4. Indication:  For relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Desoxycorticosterone Pivalate
2. Groups:  Experimental, Vet approved
3. Description:  Desoxycorticosterone Pivalate is a mineralocorticoid hormone and an analog of desoxycorticosterone. It is white, odorless, and stable in air. It is practically insoluble in water, sparingly soluble in acetone, slightly soluble in methanol, ether and vegetable oils. Federal (U.S.A.) law restricts this drug to use by or on the order of a licensed veterinarian.
4. Indication:  Examined for treatment of adrenocortical insufficiency especially in multiple sclerosis, congenital cerebral palsy, polyarteritis nodosa, and rheumatoid arthritis. Currently only approved in treating cats and dogs for the treatment of Addison's disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Aldosterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex that regulates electrolyte and water balance by increasing the renal retention of sodium and the excretion of potassium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  HE3286
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and type 2 diabetes.
