DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Propericiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Propericiazine is a phenothiazine of the piperidine group. It has been shown to reduce pathologic arousal and affective tension in some psychotic patients, while the symptoms of abnormal mental integration are relatively unaffected. It is a sedative phenothiazine with weak antipsychotic properties. It also has adrenolytic, anticholinergic, metabolic and endocrine effects and an action on the extrapyramidal system. It is used as an adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients, for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. Pericyazine, like other phenothiazines, is presumed to act principally in the subcortical areas, by producing what has been described as a central adrenergic blockade. 
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients. Propericiazine (Pericyazine)is used for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Maprotiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and does not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and major depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of depression, including the depressed phase of bipolar depression, psychotic depression, and involutional melancholia, and may also be helpful in treating certain patients suffering severe depressive neurosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acetophenazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetophenazine is an antipsychotic drug of moderate-potency. It is used in the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. It is also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions). It primarily targets the dopamine D2 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. Also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions.)
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rauwolfia serpentina root
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rauwolfia (Rauwolfia serpentina), also spelled ravolphia, is a medicinal plant in the milkweed family. The root of the plant is ground into a powder or sold in tablets or capsules. It is a compound commonly used in Asian medicine, which includes traditional Ayurvedic medicine native to India. The active ingredients in this drug are alkaloids and about 50 have been identified through various studies, although the primary psychoactive components appear to be reserpine, rescinnamine, and deserpidine [10].This product was approved prior to Jan 1, 1982, but since, has been discontinued due to its propensity for leading to depression [8, 20]. Reserpine is derived from Rauwolfia serpentina, and was commonly used as an antihypertensive agent in the 1950s [12]. Rauwolfia serpentina is also commonly referred to as Sarpaghanda [3]. Interestingly, the hairy root component of this plant has shown a remarkable capacity to regenerate into complete Rauwolfia plants and shows survival and unaltered biosynthetic potential during storage at decreased temperatures. For this reason, various studies into biotechnological applications of this plant have been performed. Multiple studies have been done on their biosynthetic potential and numerous biotechnological methods used to study the production of pharmaceutically important alkaloids [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Rauwolfia alkaloids are indicated in the treatment of hypertension [6]. Rauwolfia alkaloids have been used for relief of symptoms in agitated psychotic states such as schizophrenia; however, use as antipsychotics and sedatives have been replaced with the use of more effective, safer agents [6].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fluphenazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used in the treatment of psychoses. Its properties and uses are generally similar to those of chlorpromazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of manifestations of psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Molindone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An indole derivative effective in schizophrenia and other psychoses and possibly useful in the treatment of the aggressive type of undersocialized conduct disorder. Molindone has much lower affinity for D2 receptors than most antipsychotic agents and has a relatively low affinity for D1 receptors. It has only low to moderate affinity for cholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Some electrophysiologic data from animals indicate that molindone has certain characteristics that resemble those of clozapine. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p283)
4. Indication:  Molindone is used for the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chlorprothixene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chlorprothixene is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene (tricyclic) class. Chlorprothixene exerts strong blocking effects by blocking the 5-HT2 D1, D2, D3, histamine H1, muscarinic and alpha1 adrenergic receptors.
4. Indication:  For treatment of psychotic disorders (e.g. schizophrenia) and of acute mania occuring as part of bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lumateperone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lumateperone (ITI-722/ITI-007) is a novel, first-in-class dual 5HT2A receptor antagonist/dopamine phosphoprotein modulator (DPPM) for schizophrenia. It is an orally available compound which combines potent 5HT2A receptor antagonism with cell-type-specific modulation of phosphoprotein pathways downstream of dopamine receptors. As of May 2015, Lumateperone is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Propiomazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propiomazine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, propiomazine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors.
4. Indication:  Propiomazine is largely used for its antihistamininc sleep inducing effects in treating insomnia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Prochlorperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used principally in the treatment of nausea; vomiting; and vertigo. It is more likely than chlorpromazine to cause extrapyramidal disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p612)
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic management of psychotic disorders, short term management of nonpsychotic anxiety in patients with generalized anxiety disorder, and for the control of severe nausea and vomiting of various causes.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Trifluoperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine. It is used as an antipsychotic and an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders, depressive symptoms secondary to anxiety and agitation.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Olanzapine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olanzapine is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the FDA in 1996. Olanzapine is manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company, whose patent for olanzapine proper ends in 2011.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders, as well as acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar 1 disorder. Intramuscular olanzapine is indicated for the rapid control of agitated patients.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Trazodone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A serotonin uptake inhibitor that is used as an antidepressive agent. It has been shown to be effective in patients with major depressive disorders and other subsets of depressive disorders. It is generally more useful in depressive disorders associated with insomnia and anxiety. This drug does not aggravate psychotic symptoms in patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p309)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Thiethylperazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A dopamine antagonist that is particularly useful in treating the nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia, mildly emetic cancer chemotherapy agents, radiation therapy, and toxins. This piperazine phenothiazine does not prevent vertigo or motion sickness. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p457)
4. Indication:  For the treatment or relief of nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Loxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antipsychotic agent used in schizophrenia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Aripiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic medication used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has also recently received FDA approval for the treatment of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder. Aripiprazole appears to mediate its antipsychotic effects primarily by partial agonism at the D2 receptor. In addition to partial agonist activity at the D2 receptor, aripiprazole is also a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and like the other atypical antipsychotics, aripiprazole displays an antagonist profile at the 5-HT2A receptor. Aripiprazole has moderate affinity for histamine and alpha adrenergic receptors, and no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ziprasidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain FDA approval (February 2001). Ziprasidone is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and the intramuscular injection form of ziprasidone is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients. Ziprasidone has also received approval for acute treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Quetiapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic effect on the histamine H1 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
