DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rindopepimut
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rindopepimut (CDX-110) is an injectable peptide cancer vaccine which targets a mutant protein called EGFRvIII present in about 25% to 30% of glioblastoma cases. The vaccine consists of the EGFRv3-specific peptide (a 13-amino acid mutant vIII epitope) conjugated to the non-specific immunomodulator keyhole limpet hemocyanin (KLH). The US FDA granted it Breakthrough Therapy Designation for glioblastoma in Feb 2015.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nirogacestat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nirogacestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, HIV Infection, Desmoid Tumors, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Aggressive Fibromatosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Enzastaurin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Enzastaurin, an investigational, targeted, oral agent, will be evaluated at more than 100 sites worldwide for the treatment of relapsed glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), an aggressive and malignant form of brain cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and lung cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Becatecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), liver cancer, gastric cancer, and leukemia (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ADH-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adherex's biotechnology compound, ADH-1, targets N-cadherin, a protein present on certain tumor cells and established tumor blood vessels. ADH-1 is currently in clinical development in a combination program with a range of chemotherapeutic agents to investigate the synergistic effects noted in our preclinical models. At the end of 2006, the Company also completed patient enrollment in our single-agent Phase Ib/II and Phase II trials of ADH-1.Cadherins are cell adhesion and cell signaling molecules crucial to the development of tissues, organs and organisms. Agents that target and inhibit cadherin function have the potential to attack the progression of cancer at two distinct points:* Direct targeting of cadherins expressed on cancer cells may disturb cadherin-mediated signaling, leading to apoptosis (death) of cancer cells.* Cadherin inhibitors may exploit the inherent structural weaknesses of the tumor vasculature, causing angiolysis (disruption of blood vessels) and tumor damage.As many tumors become more aggressive, invasive, and malignant, researchers have found that N-cadherin is expressed in greater amounts, making it an important target for developing anti-cancer treatments.Poorly differentiated, highly invasive carcinomas are characterized by over-expression of N-cadherin (as opposed to E-cadherin). This change in primary cadherin expression causes the epithelial cells to lose their tightly adherent, polarized and well-defined shape and become loosely adherent, flattened and migratory. Such cadherin switching promotes properties such as dedifferentiation, local invasion and metastasis, leading to poor prognosis.ADH-1 may have utility in a wide variety of cancers as N-cadherin is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. As tumors progress to become higher grade, invasive and more metastatic, the frequency of N-cadherin expression generally rises.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), melanoma, ovarian cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ixabepilone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixabepilone is an epothilone B analog developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb as a cancer drug. On October 16, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved ixabepilone for the treatment of aggressive metastatic or locally advanced breast cancer no longer responding to currently available chemotherapies. Ixabepilone is administered through injection, and will be marketed under the trade name Ixempra. Ixabepilone is a semisynthetic analogue of epothilone B. It has a lactone–lactam modification that minimizes susceptibility to esterase degradation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, head and neck cancer, melanoma, lung cancer, lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Doxycycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity. Animal studies suggest that it may cause less tooth staining than other tetracyclines. It is used in some areas for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria (malaria, falciparum).
4. Indication:  Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Varenicline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Varenicline is a prescription medication used to treat smoking addiction. This medication is the first approved nicotinic receptor partial agonist. Specifically, varenicline is a partial agonist of the alpha4/beta2 subtype of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor. In addition it acts on alpha3/beta4 and weakly on alpha3beta2 and alpha6-containing receptors. A full agonism was displayed on alpha7-receptors.On March 9, 2015, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration warned that Varenicline, in the form of Pfizer Inc's quit-smoking drug, Chantix, has been associated with seizures and that some patients who drink while taking the drug may become aggressive or black out. Pfizer is conducting an additional safety study of the drug, results of which are expected in late 2015. The FDA said it is keeping the black box in place at least until the results of the trial are announced.
4. Indication:  For use as an aid in smoking cessation.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Loxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antipsychotic agent used in schizophrenia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Molindone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An indole derivative effective in schizophrenia and other psychoses and possibly useful in the treatment of the aggressive type of undersocialized conduct disorder. Molindone has much lower affinity for D2 receptors than most antipsychotic agents and has a relatively low affinity for D1 receptors. It has only low to moderate affinity for cholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Some electrophysiologic data from animals indicate that molindone has certain characteristics that resemble those of clozapine. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p283)
4. Indication:  Molindone is used for the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acalabrutinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  To date, acalabrutinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of B-All, Myelofibrosis, Ovarian Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.As of October 31, 2017 the FDA approved Astra Zeneca's orally administered Calquence (acalabrutinib) medication as a Bruton Tyrosine Kinase (BTK) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of adult patients with Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) who have already received at least one prior therapy, marking the company's first entry into the treatment of blood cancers.Also known as ACP-196, acalabrutinib is also considered a second generation BTK inhibitor because it was rationally designed to be more potent and selective than ibrutinib, theoretically expected to demonstrate fewer adverse effects owing to minimized bystander effects on targets other than BTK.Nevertheless, acalabrutinib was approved under the FDA's accelerated approval pathway, which is based upon overall response rate and faciliates earlier approval of medicines that treat serious conditions or/and that fill an unmet medical need based on a surrogate endpoint. Continued approval for acalabrutinib's currently accepted indication may subsequently be contingent upon ongoing verification and description of clinical benefit in confimatory trials.Furthermore, the FDA granted this medication Priority Review and Breakthrough Therapy designations. It also received Orphan Drug designation, which provides incentives to assist and encourage the development of drugs for rare diseases. At this time, more than 35 clinical trials across 40 countries with more than 2500 patients are underway or have been completed with regards to further research into better understanding and expanding the therapeutic uses of acalabrutinib [4].
4. Indication:  Acalabrutinib is currently indicated for the treatment of adult patients with Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) who have received at least one prior therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pixantrone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pixantrone is an aza-anthracenedione and DNA intercalator which inhibits topoisomerase II. It is similar in structure to anthracyclines such as mitoxantrone, but exerts fewer toxic effects on cardiac tissue. [2] The lower cardio-toxic effects of pixantrone may be explained, in part, by its redox inactivity [3]. Pixantrone does not bind iron and promotes the formation of reactive oxygen species to a lesser degree than other anthracyclines. It also inhibits doxorubicinol formation in human myocardium. [3] As a result, it is believed to be less cardiotoxic while still exerting efficacy. Pixantrone was designed to treat relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma(NHL) in patients who have failed two prior lines of therapy. [2] For patients suffering from NHL, first line therapies consist of anthracycline containing multi-drug treatments which unfortunately are known to cause irreversible myocardial tissue damage. Patients refractory to treatment, or those who relapse, are discouraged from further anthracycline use due to cumulative cardiotoxicity. Pixantrone dimaleate, administered intravenously, was designed by Cell Therapeutics Incorporated as an alternative second line therapy in refractory or relapsed NHL. It is currently being tested in Phase III trials. [2]Although pixantrone has not yet received FDA approval in the United States, it has been granted conditional marketing approval by the European Union. Conditional approval was granted by the European Medicines Agency after a phase III EXTEND trial of patients with NHL showed that pixantrone was tolerable and that it resulted in significantly higher complete response rate and progression free survival in comparison to other single chemotherapy agents. However, it is notable that the EXTEND trial was stopped early, leaving the statistical significance of the results in question. Based on this uncertainty, in 2009, the FDA ultimately rejected Cell Therapeutic's initial application for accelerated approval for pixantrone use in relapsed or refractory NHL. Another phase III trial, PIX-R, is now ongoing to clarify pixantrones place in therapy. It will compare pixantrone efficacy to that of gemcitabine. [2] 
4. Indication:  Currently in Phase III investigation for treatment of relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in patients who have failed two prior lines of therapy. Presently, no standard therapy exists for patients with relapsed or refractory NHL. [2] After first line therapy has been initiated, most patients have received their lifetime limit of doxorubicin and further use of anthracyclines may potentially lead to anthracycline-induced congestive heart failure (CHF). Pixantrone is an attractive alternative as a second line agent, due to its lack of cardiac toxicity. [2] The phase III trial, PIX-R, is ongoing and will compare pixantrone multidrug therapy with an equivalent regimen in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (the most common type of NHL).Previous study results have also suggested the possibility that pixantrone may be safe and effective in doxorubicin naive patients. In myocardial strips which are doxorubicin naive, pixantrone is taken up to a higher degree than in myocardial strips which are doxorubicin exposed, and once absorbed exhibits redox inactivity. [3] Pixantrone dimaleate has also been investigated as a treatment for acute myelogenous leukemia, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, metastatic breast cancer, low grade small lymphocytic lymphomas and general metastatic cancers. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Active immunization against hepatitis B virus infection.The vaccine will not protect against infection caused by hepatitis A and non-A non-B hepatitis viruses. As hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence of hepatitis B infection or carrier state, it can be expected that hepatitis D will also be prevented by vaccination with hepatitis B virus vaccine.The vaccine can be administered at any age from birth onwards. It may be used to start a primary course of vaccination or as a booster dose. It may also be used to complete a primary course of vaccination started with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines or as a booster dose in subjects who have previously received a primary course of vaccination with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines.In areas of low prevalence of hepatitis B, vaccination is strongly recommended in subjects who are at increased risk of infection. These include the following groups:Health professionals: physicians and surgeons; oral surgeons and dentists; nurses, dental nurses, dental hygienists, podiatrists; IV teams and operating room personnel; paramedical personnel in close contact with patients; staff in hemodialysis, nephrology, hepatology, hematology and oncology units; laboratory personnel handling blood and other clinical specimens; blood bank and plasma fractionation workers; pathologists and morgue attendants; cleaning staff who handle waste in hospitals; emergency and first aid workers; ambulance staff; dental, medical and nursing students.Patients: patients receiving frequent blood transfusion or clotting factor concentrates, such as those in oncology units and those with thalassemia, sickle-cell anemia, cirrhosis, hemophilia, etc.; patients on hemodialysis; patients with type 2 diabetes.Personnel and residents of institutions: persons with frequent and/or close contacts with high-risk groups; prisoners and prison staff; residents and staff of institutions for the developmentally challenged (those who are in contact with aggressive biting residents being at highest risk).Persons at increased risk due to their sexual practices: males having sexual contact with other males; others with multiple sexual partners or with a recent history of sexually transmitted disease.Persons who use injectable drugs illicitly.Travellers to areas of high endemicity and their close contacts.Household contacts of any of the above groups and of patients with acute or chronic hepatitis B infection.Infants born of HBsAg-positive mothers.Chronic Liver Disease (CLD): subjects with chronic liver disease; subjects at risk of developing CLD (e.g. Hepatitis C virus carriers, persons who abuse alcohol).Others: police; fire fighters; armed forces personnel; morticians and embalmers; those who through their work or personal lifestyle may be exposed to the hepatitis B virus.In areas of both low and high prevalence, vaccination should be offered to all young children and neonates at risk, as well as to adult high risk groups.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Aluminum hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aluminum hydroxide is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Calcium Carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Titanium dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally it is sourced from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.
4. Indication:  In the pharmaceutical industry, titanium dioxide is used in most sunscreens to block UVA and UVB rays, similar to zinc oxide. It is also commonly used as pigment for pharmaceutical products such as gelatin capsules, tablet coatings and syrups.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Zinc oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zinc oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula ZnO. ZnO is a white powder that is insoluble in water, and it is widely used as an additive in numerous materials and products including rubbers, plastics, ceramics, glass, cement, lubricants, paints, ointments, adhesives, sealants, pigments, foods, batteries, ferrites, fire retardants, and first-aid tapes. It occurs naturally as the mineral zincite, but most zinc oxide is produced synthetically. It is also widely used to treat a variety of other skin conditions, in products such as baby powder and barrier creams to treat diaper rashes, calamine cream, anti-dandruff shampoos, and antiseptic ointments.
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of diaper dermatitis. Also, it can be used to treat minor skin irritations (eg, cuts, burns, and scrapes, poison ivy).Zinc oxide can be used in ointments, creams, and lotions to protect against sunburn and other damage to the skin caused by ultraviolet light.
