DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fosdevirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tragacanth
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tragacanth allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Cenicriviroc
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cenicriviroc has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-infection/AIDS, AIDS Dementia Complex, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, Human Immunodeficiency Virus, and HIV-1-Associated Cognitive Motor Complex.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CP1-1189
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CPI-1189 has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and AIDS Dementia Complex.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Amdoxovir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pantothenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5 (a B vitamin), is a water-soluble vitamin discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1919. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient. Animals require pantothenic acid to synthesize coenzyme-A (CoA), as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.Pantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine. Small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. It is commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products. Only the dextrorotatory (D) isomer of pantothenic acid possesses biologic activity. The levorotatory (L) form may antagonize the effects of the dextrorotatory isomer. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Studied for the treatment of many uses such as treatment of testicular torsion, diabetic ulceration, wound healing, acne, obesity, diabetic peripheral polyneuropathy. It has also been investigated for its hypolipidemic effects and as cholesterol lowering agent.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  PRO-542
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 542 belongs to a new class of drugs, viral-entry inhibitor, which is intended to prevent HIV from entering and infecting cells. PRO 542 (CD4-immunoglobulin G2) is a tetravalent CD4-immunoglobulin fusion protein that broadly neutralizes primary HIV-1 isolates. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, HIV infection, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Zaleplon
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Zaleplon is a sedative/hypnotic, mainly used for insomnia. It is known as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic. Zaleplon interacts with the GABA receptor complex and shares some of the pharmacological properties of the benzodiazepines. Zaleplon is a schedule IV drug in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of short-term treatment of insomnia in adults.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Capravirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections and HIV infection.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Suvorexant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Suvorexant is a selective dual antagonist of orexin receptors OX1R and OX2R that promotes sleep by reducing wakefulness and arousal. It has been approved for the treatment of insomnia. 
4. Indication:  Suvorexant is indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Incyclinide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Incyclinide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, AIDS-related Kaposi Sarcoma, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Almasilate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Almasilate is a buffering antacid that has been used in peptic ulcers and dyspepsia. It is a crystalline polyhydrate of aluminium/magnesium silicate and mediates its buffering activity by binding hydrogen ions within the polymer. However its therapeutic efficacy is not comparable to other approved antacids, as it is no more effective in neutralizing acid and binding bile salts than other conventional antacids [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  SRP 299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRP 299 is a preparation of killed Mycobacterium vaccae that has been tested in uses related to inhibiting periodontal disease, in treating asthma and in treating eczema, itching and inflammation. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity. A specific subset of serotonergic neurons in the interfascicular part of the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRI) is believed to be involved, based on studies with mice. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, atopic dermatitis, and pediatric atopic dermatitis indications.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alitretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important regulator of gene expression during growth and development, and in neoplasms. Tretinoin, also known as retinoic acid and derived from maternal vitamin A, is essential for normal growth; and embryonic development. An excess of tretinoin can be teratogenic. It is used in the treatment of psoriasis; acne vulgaris; and several other skin diseases. It has also been approved for use in promyelocytic leukemia (leukemia, promyelocytic, acute).
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of cutaneous lesions in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ziconotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziconotide (SNX-111; Prialt) is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain. Derived from Conus magus (Cone Snail), it is the synthetic form of an ω-conotoxin peptide. In December 2004 the Food and Drug Administration approved ziconotide when delivered as an infusion into the cerebrospinal fluid using an intrathecal pump system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Thiosulfuric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiosulfuric acid (as sodium thiosulfate) has the chemical name thiosulfuric acid, disodium salt, pentahydrate. The chemical formula is Na2S2O3•5H2O and the molecular weight is 248.17. Sodium Thiosulfate Injection is a cyanide antidote which contains one 50 mL glass vial containing a 25% solution of Sodium Thiosulfate Injection.It has been indicated as antidote for cyanide poisoning. It is also used as adjunct agent for patients taking cisplatin chemotherapy. Beside the above indications, sodium thiosulfate could be used as ingredient in the following: agricultural chemicals (non-pesticidal), fillers, intermediates, laboratory chemicals, oxidizing/reducing agents, process regulators, processing aids, and solids separation agents.
4. Indication:  Antidote: Sodium thiosulfate is indicated to counteract or neutralize actions of poisons, e.g. cyanide poisoning.Antineoplastic adjunct: 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Dronabinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A psychoactive compound extracted from the resin of Cannabis sativa (marihuana, hashish). The isomer delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is considered the most active form, producing characteristic mood and perceptual changes associated with this compound. Dronabinol is a synthetic form of delta-9-THC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia associated with weight loss in patients with AIDS, and nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hydroquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroquinone is a topical lightening product found in OTC products, and is used to correct skin discoloration associated with disorders of hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmention, sunspots, and freckles. It can be used alone, but is more frequently found in combination with other agents such as alpha-hydroxy acids, corticosteroids, retinoids, or sunscreen. Hydroquinone has come under scrutiny due to several complications associated with its use, including dermal irritation, exogenous onchronosis, and carginogenicity. As a result of these concerns, hydroquinone has been banned in the EU and UK.
4. Indication:  Hydroquinone is used as an OTC topical lightening agent for disorders of hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmention, sunspots and freckles. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Amrubicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Amrubicin is a third-generation synthetic anthracycline currently in development for the treatment of small cell lung cancer. Pharmion licensed the rights to Amrubicin in November 2006. In 2002, Amrubicin was approved and launched for sale in Japan based on Phase 2 efficacy data in both SCLC and NSCLC. Since January 2005, Amrubicin has been marketed by Nippon Kayaku, a Japanese pharmaceutical firm focused on oncology, which licensed Japanese marketing rights from Dainippon Sumitomo, the original developer of Amrubicin [13, 15].
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lung cancer [2].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Vitamin C
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin C deficiency, scurvy, delayed wound and bone healing, urine acidification, and in general as an antioxidant. It has also been suggested to be an effective antiviral agent.
