DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Umeclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the long-term, once-daily, maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluticasone furoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. Despite the similarity in the names, fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate are different drugs with different properties. It is marketed under the brand name, Veramyst in the US by GlaxoSmithKline for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). FDA approved on April 27, 2007. Fluticasone furoate is available as a combination product with vilanterol, a long-acting beta-2 agonist, under the tradename Breo Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, its use is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease. Breo Ellipta should not be used for the relief of acute symptoms of asthma or COPD.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Olodaterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olodaterol is a novel, long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) that exerts its pharmacological effect by binding and activating beta2-adrenergic receptors located primarily in the lungs. Beta2-adrenergic receptors are membrane-bound receptors that are normally activated by endogenous epinephrine whose signalling, via a downstream L-type calcium channel interaction, mediates smooth muscle relaxation and bronchodilation. Activation of the receptor stimulates an associated G protein which then activates adenylate cyclase, catalyzing the formation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and protein kinase A (PKA). Elevation of these two molecules induces bronchodilation by relaxation of airway smooth muscles. It is by this mechanism that olodaterol is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the progressive airflow obstruction that is characteristic of it. Treatment with bronchodilators helps to mitigate associated symptoms such as shortness of breath, cough, and sputum production. Single doses of olodaterol have been shown to improve forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1) for 24 h in patients with COPD, allowing once daily dosing. A once-a-day treatment with a LABA has several advantages over short-acting bronchodilators and twice-daily LABAs including improved convenience and compliance and improved airflow over a 24-hour period. Despite similarities in symptoms, olodaterol is not indicated for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD or for the treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Olodaterol is indicated for use in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema. It is not indicated for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD or for the treatment of asthma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Theophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Vilanterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vilanterol is a selective long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) with inherent 24-hour activity for once daily treatment of COPD and asthma. Its pharmacological effect is attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenylyl cyclase which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increases in cyclic AMP are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of hypersensitivity mediators from mast cells in the lungs. Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Helium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas that heads the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.
4. Indication:  For use in patients who are not getting enough oxygen into their blood due to blockages in the lungs from pathological conditions or injuries. Suggested potential benefit in upper airway obstruction, in severe asthma, and in exacerbations of COPD/COLD. Helium may be used in place of carbon monoxide during laparoscopic surgeries as it lowers the risk of developing respiratory acidosis in selected patients. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Indacaterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indacaterol is a novel, ultra-long-acting, rapid onset β(2)-adrenoceptor agonist developed for Novartis for the once-daily management of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) under the trade name Onbrez on November 30, 2009, and by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), under the trade name Arcapta Neohaler, on July 1, 2011. Indacaterol is provided as its maleate salt form. Indacaterol is also a chiral molecule but only the pure R-enantiomer is dispensed.
4. Indication:  For the long term, once-daily-dosing maintenance of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pranlukast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist. It antagonizes or reduces bronchospasm caused, principally in asthmatics, by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to the standard therapy of inhaled steroids with inhaled long- and/or short-acting beta-agonists. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cinalukast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Used in the treatment of asthma, cinalukast selectively antagonizes leukotriene D4 (LTD4) at the cysteinyl leukotriene receptor, CysLT1, in the human airway. Cinalukast inhibits the actions of LTD4 at the CysLT1 receptor, preventing airway edema, smooth muscle contraction, and enhanced secretion of thick, viscous mucus.
4. Indication:  For Protection against second- phase inflamation in exercise-induced bronchoconstriction and Asthma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PDE4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Merck has developed a selective PDE4 inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whereas the potential therapeutic utility of PDE4 inhibition has been demonstrated in various preclinical animal models (e.g., in rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis), clinical evaluation has been restricted by dose-limiting side effects, mainly nausea and emesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Aminaphthone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Omalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant DNA-derived humanized IgG1k monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to human immunoglobulin E (IgE). Xolair is produced by a Chinese hamster ovary cell suspension culture in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of asthma caused by allergies
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Levosalbutamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levosalbutamol, also known as levalbuterol, is a short-acting β2 adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).Salbutamol has been marketed as a racemic mixture, although beta2-agonist activity resides almost exclusively in the (R)-enantiomer. The enantioselective disposition of salbutamol and the possibility that (S)-salbutamol has adverse effects have led to the development of an enantiomerically pure (R)-salbutamol formulation known as levosalbutamol (levalbuterol).
4. Indication:  Levosalbutamol's bronchodilator properties give it indications in treatment of COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, also known as chronic obstructive lung disease) and asthma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tulobuterol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tulobuterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Benralizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benralizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody of the isotype IgG1k immunoglobulin that specifically binds to the alpha chain of the interleukin 5 receptor (IL-5R) expressed on eosinophils and basophils.[2] It inhibits the binding of IL-5 as well as the hetero-oligomerization of the alpha and beta subunits of the IL-5R, thus blocking, signal transduction. Besides, it is an afucosylated IgG which gives it high affinity for the FcγRIIIα receptor in natural killer cells, macrophages and neutrophils.[1] Benralizumab, FDA approved on November 14, 2017, was developed by MedImmune, the AstraZeneca's global biologic research and development arm.[6]
4. Indication:  Benralizumab is indicated as a maintenance treatment of patients 12 years or older with severe asthma and an eosinophilic phenotype.[7] The pathology of severe asthma with eosinophilic phenotype is also denotated as TH2-high phenotype. The patients with this phenotype are characterized by the expression of IL-5 and IL-13, airway hyperresponsiveness, responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids, high serum IgE and eosinophilia in blood and airway. In the TH2-high phenotype, IL-5 presents a central role as it is responsible for eosinophil differentiation, survival, activation and migration to the lungs.[3]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Bisoxatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [1]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of constipation in the absence of bowel obstruction and for surgical preparation of the colon [1].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Piperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste.Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful.Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.
4. Indication:  Used as alternative treatment for ascariasis caused by Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm) and enterobiasis (oxyuriasis) caused by Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm). It is also used to treat partial intestinal obstruction by the common roundworm, a condition primarily occurring in children.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bitolterol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bitolterol mesylate is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and COPD. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to dilate air passages in the lungs that have become narrowed as a result of disease or inflammation. It is used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Formoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Formoterol is a long-acting (12 hours) beta2-agonist used in the management of asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Inhaled formoterol works like other beta2-agonists, causing bronchodilatation through relaxation of the smooth muscle in the airway so as to treat the exacerbation of asthma.
4. Indication:  For use as long-term maintenance treatment of asthma in patients 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airways disease, including patients with symptoms of nocturnal asthma, who are using optimal corticosteroid treatment and experiencing regular or frequent breakthrough symptoms requiring use of a short-acting bronchodilator. Not indicated for asthma that can be successfully managed with occasional use of an inhaled, short-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist. Also used for the prevention of exercise-induced bronchospasm, as well as long-term treatment of bronchospasm associated with COPD.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Seratrodast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Seratrodast (INN) is a thromboxane receptor antagonist used primarily in the treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
