DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ghrelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ghrelin has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Cancer, Alcoholism, Metabolism, Hypopituitarism, and Frailty Syndrome, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Cyanamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A cyanide compound which has been used as a fertilizer, defoliant and in many manufacturing processes. It often occurs as the calcium salt, sometimes also referred to as cyanamide. The citrated calcium salt is used in the treatment of alcoholism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MK-212
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-212 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CP-866087
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-866,087 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Alcoholism, and Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  GSK-1521498
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK1521498 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity and Alcoholism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pexacerfont
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexacerfont has been investigated for the treatment of Alcoholism, Anxiety Disorder, Alcohol Dependence, and Alcohol-Related Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bavisant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bavisant has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Alcoholism, Pharmacokinetics, Drug Interactions, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Attention Deficit Disorders With Hyperactivity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  m-Chlorophenylpiperazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  m-Chlorophenylpiperazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  ORG-25935
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Org 25935 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Alcoholism, Schizophrenia, and Panic Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Calcium carbimide
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Calcium carbimide, sold as the citrate salt, is an alcohol-sensitizing agent. Its effects are similar to the drug disulfiram (Antabuse) in that it interferes with the normal metabolism of alcohol by preventing the breakdown of the metabolic product acetaldehyde. Calcium carbimide was conceived as an alternative for the treatment of alcoholism with a reduced side effect profile either when it is consumed accompanied by alcohol or without it.[1] This drug was developed by Lederle Cyanamid Canada Inc and approved for marketing in Canada in 1959. The current status of calcium carbimide is cancelled post marketing.[8]
4. Indication:  Calcium carbimide has not been approved by the FDA but the intended indication is for the treatment of alcoholism.[6] This medication was marketed in Canada, United Kingdom and Europe under the trade name of Temposil for the sole use of alcoholism treatment.[9]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mesoridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic with effects similar to chlorpromazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of schizophrenia, organic brain disorders, alcoholism and psychoneuroses.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Acamprosate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acamprosate, also known by the brand name Campral™, is a drug used for treating alcohol dependence. Acamprosate is thought to stabilize the chemical balance in the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism, possibly by blocking glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, while gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors are activated. Reports indicate that acamprosate only works with a combination of attending support groups and abstinence from alcohol. Certain serious side effects include allergic reactions, irregular heartbeats, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence. Acamprosate should not be taken by people with kidney problems or allergies to the drug.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of abstinence from alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence who are abstinent at treatment initiation
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Disulfiram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of chronic alcoholism
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Chlordiazepoxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  An anxiolytic benzodiazepine derivative with anticonvulsant, sedative, and amnesic properties. It has also been used in the symptomatic treatment of alcohol withdrawal.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety, withdrawal symptoms of acute alcoholism, and preoperative apprehension and anxiety.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Glutamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A peptide that is a homopolymer of glutamic acid.
4. Indication:  Considered to be nature's "Brain food" by improving mental capacities; helps speed the healing of ulcers; gives a "lift" from fatigue; helps control alcoholism, schizophrenia and the craving for sugar.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Hydroxocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxocobalamin, also known as vitamin B12a and hydroxycobalamin, is an injectable form of vitamin B 12 that has been used therapeutically to treat vitamin B 12 deficiency. Other uses include cyanide poisoning, Leber's optic atrophy, and toxic amblyopia.
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia and the prevention and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency arising from alcoholism, malabsorption, tapeworm infestation, celiac, hyperthyroidism, hepatic-biliary tract disease, persistent diarrhea, ileal resection, pancreatic cancer, renal disease, prolonged stress, vegan diets, macrobiotic diets or other restrictive diets. Also for the treatment of known or suspected cyanide poisoning.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Naltrexone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Derivative of noroxymorphone that is the N-cyclopropylmethyl congener of naloxone. It is a narcotic antagonist that is effective orally, longer lasting and more potent than naloxone, and has been proposed for the treatment of heroin addiction. The FDA has approved naltrexone for the treatment of alcohol dependence.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to a medically supervised behaviour modification program in the maintenance of opiate cessation in individuals who were formerly physically dependent on opiates and who have successfully undergone detoxification. Also used for the management of alcohol dependence in conjunction with a behavioural modification program.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid, commonly abbreviated GHB, is a therapeutic drug which is illegal in multiple countries. It is currently regulated in the US and sold by Jazz Pharmaceuticals under the name Xyrem. However, it is important to note that GHB is a designated Orphan drug (in 1985). Today Xyrem is a Schedule III drug; however GHB remains a Schedule I drug and the illicit use of Xyrem falls under penalties of Schedule I. GHB is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits and almost all other living creatures in small amounts. It is used illegally under the street names Juice, Liquid Ecstasy or simply G, either as an intoxicant, or as a date rape drug. Xyrem is a central nervous system depressant that reduces excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.
4. Indication:  Used as a general anesthetic, to treat conditions such as insomnia, clinical depression, narcolepsy, and alcoholism, and to improve athletic performance. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
