DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oltipraz
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oltipraz has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Liver Fibrosis, Liver Cirrhosis, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fluorescein lisicol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluorescein lisicol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Pharmacokinetics, Hepatic Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, Viral, Human, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat short-term sleeping problems (insomnia), such as difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, and early-morning awakening.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pradigastat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pradigastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Amcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amcinonide is a corticosteroid. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Carbon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas vital to life on Earth. This naturally occurring chemical compound is composed of a carbon atom covalently double bonded to two oxygen atoms. Medical Carbon Dioxide is a liquefied medicinal gas, supplied in cylinders filled to a high pressure. Medical Carbon Dioxide may be used in different situations, e.g. during bodily investigations, to inflate body cavities during surgery (such as key-hole surgery), iand in solid form (dry ice) for freezing of tissue and removal of warts.
4. Indication:  Carbon dioxide is commonly used as an insufflation gas for minimal invasive surgery (laparoscopy, endoscopy, and arthroscopy) to enlarge and stabilize body cavities to provide better visibility of the surgical area. It has been used also in cryotherapy and as respiratory stimulant before and after anesthesia. It could be used also in expansion of blood vessels if required, to increase carbon dioxide level after rapid breathing, and to stimulate breathing after a period of nonbreathing. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rhein
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [1]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methysergide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that is a congener of lysergic acid diethylamide. It antagonizes the effects of serotonin in blood vessels and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, but has few of the properties of other ergot alkaloids. Methysergide is used prophylactically in migraine and other vascular headaches and to antagonize serotonin in the carcinoid syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vascular headache
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dextropropoxyphene
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dextropropoxyphene is an analgesic in the opioid category, patented (1955) and manufactured by Eli Lilly and Company. It is intended to treat mild pain and also has antitussive and local anaesthetic effects. The drug has been taken off the market in Europe and the US due to concerns of fatal overdoses and heart arrhythmias. An estimated 10 million patients have used these products.The drug is often referred to as the general form, "propoxyphene", however only the dextro-isomer (dextropropoxyphene) has any analgesic effect. The levo-isomer appears to exhibit a very limited antitussive effect.
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molecualar iodine has been developed by Symbollon Pharmaceuticals. It is a potential treatment for moderate to severe cyclic pain and tenderness (clinical mastalgia) associated with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast disorders (unspecified) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Atropine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An alkaloid, originally from Atropa belladonna, but found in other plants, mainly solanaceae. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning by susceptible organophosphorous nerve agents having anti-cholinesterase activity (cholinesterase inhibitors) as well as organophosphorous or carbamate insecticides.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Levodopa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The naturally occurring form of dihydroxyphenylalanine and the immediate precursor of dopamine. Unlike dopamine itself, it can be taken orally and crosses the blood-brain barrier. It is rapidly taken up by dopaminergic neurons and converted to dopamine. It is used for the treatment of parkinsonian disorders and is usually given with agents that inhibit its conversion to dopamine outside of the central nervous system.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (Paralysis Agitans), postencephalitic parkinsonism, symptomatic parkinsonism which may follow injury to the nervous system by carbon monoxide intoxication, and manganese intoxication.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Barnidipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Barnidipine is a long-acting novel calcium antagonist that belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) group of calcium channel blockers. Used in the treatment of hypertension, barnidipine displays high affinity for the calcium channels of the smooth muscle cells in the vascular wall [6] and selectivity against cardiovascular L-type calcium channels [1]. Barnidipine contains two chiral centres thus can have four possible enantiomers. The active component is composed of a single optical isomer (3'S, 4S configuration), which is the most potent and longest-acting of the four enantiomers [3]. Compared to several other calcium antagonists which are racemates, the barnidipine compound consisting of a single enantiomer may offer a high degree of pharmacological selectivity [3].According to a dose-ranging, multicentre, placebo-controlled, double-blind study in patients with mild to moderate hypertension, the antihypertensive response from barnidipine treatment was maintained after a 1-year and 2-year follow-up period in 91% of the patients who had an initial response to the drug [1]. In two European multicentre randomized, double-blind trials, barnidipine was shown to possess equivalent antihypertensive efficacy to amlodipine and nitrendipine, but produced fewer class-specific side-effects [4]. It also demonstrated clinical efficacy which is similar to that of atenolol, enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide [1]. It is available in modified-release oral tablets under the brand name Vasexten to be taken once daily in the morning. Barnidipine has a gradual onset of action and is shown to be well tolerated in patients. It does not produce reflex tachycardia [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension and management of chronic stable angina.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calcium Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium chloride is an ionic compound of calcium and chlorine. It is highly soluble in water and it is deliquescent. It is a salt that is solid at room temperature, and it behaves as a typical ionic halide. It has several common applications such as brine for refrigeration plants, ice and dust control on roads, and in cement. It can be produced directly from limestone, but large amounts are also produced as a by-product of the Solvay process. Because of its hygroscopic nature, it must be kept in tightly-sealed containers. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypocalcemia in those conditions requiring a prompt increase in blood plasma calcium levels, for the treatment of magnesium intoxication due to overdosage of magnesium sulfate, and used to combat the deleterious effects of hyperkalemia as measured by electrocardiographic (ECG), pending correction of the increased potassium level in the extracellular fluid.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
