DrugId:  1
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  NV-07a
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV-07a is topical skin repair compound protecting skin from sun-induced immunosuppression and UV-induced damage.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin cancer and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Lesopitron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lesopitron is an anxiolytic with pre- and post-synaptic 5-HT1A agonist activity, which is under development by Esteve.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lobeline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid that has actions similar to nicotine on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trihexyphenidyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the centrally acting muscarinic antagonists used for treatment of parkinsonian disorders and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of parkinson's disease and extrapyramidal reactions caused by drugs.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Procyclidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that crosses the blood-brain barrier and is used in the treatment of drug-induced extrapyramidal disorders and in parkinsonism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all forms of Parkinson's Disease, as well as control of extrapyramidal reactions induced by antipsychotic agents.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Arimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arimoclomol is an experimental drug compound developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California. The orally administered drug is intended to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a neurodegenerative disease with no effective treatment.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), diabetes mellitus type 2, neurologic disorders, and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mephedrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mephedrone has been investigated in Alcohol-Related Disorders and Amphetamine-Related Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ganaxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pediatric indications and seizure disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pyritinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pyritinol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  VX-765
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-765 is the orally available prodrug of a potent and selective competitive inhibitor of ICE/caspase-1 (VRT-043198). VX-765 is currently under clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, as it blocks the hypersensitive response to an inflammatory stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified) and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Piperine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bioperine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma and Deglutition Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Atl146e
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL146e is an anti-inflammatory compounds which is an agonist of A2A adenosine receptors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  CYT007-TNFQb
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CYT007-TNFQb is an active immunization therapy that aims atproviding a novel treatment to people suffering from RA or psoriasis. The vaccine should allow for administration of lowamounts of drug to individual patients (in the microgram range) and for convenient dosing schedules.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Larazotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An octapeptide inhibitor of paracellular permeability whose structure is derived from a protein (zonula occludens toxin) secreted by Vibrio cholerae for treatment of Coeliac disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, diabetes mellitus type 1, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Odiparcil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atrial fibrillation, cardiovascular disorders, thrombosis, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Lopinavir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lopinavir (ABT-378) is an antiretroviral of the protease inhibitor class. It is marketed by Abbott as Kaletra, a co-formulation with a sub-therapeutic dose of ritonavir, as a component of combination therapy to treat HIV/AIDS.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-infection.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  VP025
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Misoprostol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic analog of natural prostaglandin E1. It produces a dose-related inhibition of gastric acid and pepsin secretion, and enhances mucosal resistance to injury. It is an effective anti-ulcer agent and also has oxytocic properties.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.
