DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alpha 1-antitrypsin is a glycoprotein primarily produced by hepatocytes, and to a lesser extent, immune system cells. Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin (rAAT) is produced from yeast, which unlike commercially available forms of plasma-derived AAT, eliminates the risk associated with blood-borne infectious agents and allows for a increased manufacturing. rAAT belongs to a family of structurally-related proteins classified as serine protease inhibitors or SERPINS, which are known to inhibit several proteases including trypsin, cathepsin G, thrombin, tissue kallikrein, as well as neutrophil elastase. The proteinase/antiproteinase balance is believed to be important for maintaining healthy skin. The rAAT topical gel (Dermolastin™) is indicated for patients with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis. The company has indicated that other formulations for gastroenterological and urological indications will also be developed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency, atopic dermatitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Alpha-1-proteinase inhibitor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human alpha-1 proteinase inhibitor or alpha-1-antitrypsin, prepared from human plasma via Cohn alcohol fractionation followed by PEG and zinc chloride fractionation.
4. Indication:  For chronic augmentation and maintenance therapy in individuals with alpha1-proteinase inhibitor (A1-PI) deficiency and clinical evidence of emphysema.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  R667
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R667 is an orally active, gamma selective retinoid agonist that shows promise as a treatment for emhysema, as it has, in animal models, promoted structural lung repair and functional improvement with fewer side effects. It is currently in Phase II Trials for emphysema secondary to alpha-1 antitrypsindeficiency.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in emphysema.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Antithrombin III human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A plasma alpha 2 glycoprotein that accounts for the major antithrombin activity of normal plasma and also inhibits several other enzymes. It is a member of the serpin superfamily.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin III human is a human antithrombin (AT) indicated in patients with hereditary antithrombin deficiency for the treatment and prevention of thromboembolism and prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolism
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Macimorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Macimorelin, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, macimorelin is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels [3]. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer. Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function [5]. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies [3]. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test [3]. Macimorelin is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, macimorelin stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability [3].Macimorelin, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the diagnosis of adult growth hormone deficiency (AGHD) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tifuvirtide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tifuvirtide is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections and HIV infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fosdevirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Levomefolic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levomefolic acid (INN) is the metabolite of folic acid (Vitamin B9) and it is a predominant active form of folate found in foods and in the blood circulation, accounting for 98% of folates in human plasma [8]. It is transported across the membranes including the blood-brain barrier into various tissues where it plays an essential role in the DNA synthesis, cysteine cycle and regulation of homocysteine, where it methylates homocysteine and forms methionine and tetrahydrofolate (THF). Levomefolate is approved as a food additive and is designated a GRAS (generally regarded as safe) compound [13]. It is available commercially as a crystalline form of the calcium salt (Metafolin(R)), which has the stability required for use as a supplement [8]. Supplementation of levomefolic acid is desired over folic acid due to reduced potential for masking vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of folate deficiency and for use as an antidote against folic acid antagonists. Contained in oral contraceptives to reduce the risk of neural tube defects arising from folic acid deficiency for pregnant women who conceived during use or shortly after the discontinuation of the product. Being studied for use as a treatment for cardiovascular diseases [7] and adjunct therapy for patients undergoing antidepressant pharmacotherapy [5, 6].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ferrous bisglycinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferrous bisglycinate is a chelate that is used as a source of dietary iron. Forming a ring structure when reacting with glycine, ferrous bisglycinate acts as both a chelate and a nutritionally functional [2]. It is found in foods for food enrichment or in supplements for the treatment of iron deficiency or iron deficiency anemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nitisinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitisinone is a synthetic reversible inhibitor of 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase. It is used in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1. It is sold under the brand name Orfadin.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary restriction of tyrosine and phenylalanine in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hydroxocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxocobalamin, also known as vitamin B12a and hydroxycobalamin, is an injectable form of vitamin B 12 that has been used therapeutically to treat vitamin B 12 deficiency. Other uses include cyanide poisoning, Leber's optic atrophy, and toxic amblyopia.
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia and the prevention and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency arising from alcoholism, malabsorption, tapeworm infestation, celiac, hyperthyroidism, hepatic-biliary tract disease, persistent diarrhea, ileal resection, pancreatic cancer, renal disease, prolonged stress, vegan diets, macrobiotic diets or other restrictive diets. Also for the treatment of known or suspected cyanide poisoning.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Magnesium glycinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium glycinate is a magnesium salt of glycine that is available as dietary supplements as a source of magnesium. It is used in the treatment of magnesium deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sapropterin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sapropterin (tetrahydrobiopterin or BH4) is a cofactor in the synthesis of nitric oxide. It is also essential in the conversion of phenylalanine to tyrosine by the enzyme phenylalanine-4-hydroxylase; the conversion of tyrosine to L-dopa by the enzyme tyrosine hydroxylase; and conversion of tryptophan to 5-hydroxytryptophan via tryptophan hydroxylase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of tetrahydrobiopterin (BH4) deficiency.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Calcidiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The major circulating metabolite of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). It is produced in the liver and is the best indicator of the body's vitamin D stores. It is effective in the treatment of rickets and osteomalacia, both in azotemic and non-azotemic patients. Calcifediol also has mineralizing properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Polaprezinc
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polaprezinc is a chelated form of zinc and L-carnosine. It is a zinc-related medicine approved for the first time in Japan, which has been clinically used to treat gastric ulcers [5]. It was determined that polaprezinc may be effective in pressure ulcer treatment [3]. A study in 2013 showed that CO-administration of polaprezinc may be effective against small intestine mucosal injury associated with long-term aspirin therapy [1].
4. Indication:  Peptic ulcer disease, dyspepsia [6].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Leucovorin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Folinic Acid (also known as 5-formyl tetrahydrofolic acid or leucovorin) is the 5-formyl derivative of tetrahydrofolic acid, a necessary co-factor in the body. Commercially available leucovorin is composed of a 1:1 racemic mixture of the dextrorotary and levorotary isomers, while levoleucovorin contains only the pharmacologically active levo-isomer. In vitro, the levo-isomer has been shown to be rapidly converted to the biologically available methyl-tetrahydrofolate form while the dextro form is slowly excreted by the kidneys. Despite this difference in activity, the two commercially available forms have been shown to be pharmacokinetically identical and may be used interchangeably with limited differences in efficacy or side effects (Kovoor et al, 2009). As folate analogs, leucovorin and levoleucovorin are both used to counteract the toxic effects of folic acid antagonists, such as methotrexate, which act by inhibiting the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR). They are indicated for use as rescue therapy following use of high-dose methotrexate in the treatment of osteosarcoma or for diminishing the toxicity associated with inadvertent overdosage of folic acid antagonists. Injectable forms are also indicated for use in the treatment of megaloblastic anemias due to folic acid deficiency when oral therapy is not feasible and for use in combination with 5-fluorouracil to prolong survival in the palliative treatment of patients with advanced colorectal cancer. Folic acid is an essential B vitamin required by the body for the synthesis of purines, pyrimidines, and methionine before incorporation into DNA or protein. However, in order to function in this role, it must first be reduced by the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase (DHFR) into the cofactors dihydrofolate (DHF) and tetrahydrofolate (THF). This important pathway, which is required for de novo synthesis of nucleic acids and amino acids, is disrupted when high-dose methotrexate is used for cancer therapy. As methotrexate functions as a DHFR inhibitor to prevent DNA synthesis in rapidly dividing cells, it also prevents the formation of DHF and THF. This results in a deficiency of coenzymes and a resultant buildup of toxic substances that are responsible for numerous adverse side effects associated with methotrexate therapy. As levoleucovorin and leucovorin are analogs of tetrahydrofolate (THF), they are able to bypass DHFR reduction and act as a cellular replacement for the co-factor THF, thereby preventing these toxic side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteosarcoma (after high dose methotrexate therapy). Used to diminish the toxicity and counteract the effects of impaired methotrexate elimination and of inadvertent overdosages of folic acid antagonists, and to treat megaloblastic anemias due to folic acid deficiency. Also used in combination with 5-fluorouracil to prolong survival in the palliative treatment of patients with advanced colorectal cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Coagulation factor X human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor X (Human), is a plasma-derived human blood coagulation factor is used by adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency. However its use is limited in the perioperative setting for the management of bleeding in major surgery in patients with moderate and severe hereditary Factor X deficiency. Coagulation Factor X is a vitamin K-dependent, liver-produced serine protease that serves as the first enzyme in the coagulation cascade to form fibrin. It is a two-chain glycoprotein with the molecular weight of approximately 59 kDa [2]. While Factor X normally circulates in the plasma as inactive molecules, the activation of Factor X is involved in both the intrinsic and extrinsic coagulation pathways. Inherited factor X deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive bleeding disorder that is estimated to occur in 1:1 000 000 individuals up to 1:500 carriers [1]. Administration of coagulation Factor X from healthy donor serves to restore and achieve effective hemostasis. Coagulation Factor X (Human) solution is approved by the FDA for intravenous injection under the market name Coagadex which contains normally 100 IU/mL of coagulation Factor X derived from healthy donors who have passed viral screening tests [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes, or for perioperative management of bleeding in patients with mild hereditary Factor X deficiency [FDA Label]. 
