DrugId:  1
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CHF 4227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Raloxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A second generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) used to prevent osteoporosis in postmenopausal women. It has estrogen agonist effects on bone and cholesterol metabolism but behaves as a complete estrogen antagonist on mammary gland and uterine tissue. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis in post-menopausal women, as well as prevention and treatment of corticosteroid-induced bone loss. Also for the reduction in the incidence of invasive breast cancer in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis or have a high risk for developing breast cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Incadronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Incadronic acid is a third generation bisphosphonate which can suppress bone resorption by osteoclasts. It is used to treat hypercalcemia, and bone disorders associated with malignancy and osteoporosis. In rats with induced hypercalcemia, incadronate has been found to be 46 times more potent than pamidronate and 11 times more potent than aledronate.Incadronate has also been found to have anti-tumor effects in mice. In rat models of breast cancer, bisphosphonate treatment has been shown to inhibit the progression and development of bone metastases and reduce tumor burden in vivo. It has also been recognized as a potential treatment for adult T-cell leukaemia which is characterized by hypercalcemia and tumor-induced osteolysis. [2] Incadronate, as well as other nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, such as aledronate and minodronate, have been found to induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells. In vitro human myeloma cells have undergone apoptosis when exposed to incadronate. [5] When combined with Tipifarnib, a potent farnesyl transferase inhibitor which can suppress the growth of myeloma cells, growth suppression of myeloma cells in vitro is intensified. [6] Because of these findings Incadronate is being investigated as a treatment for multiple myeloma, a B-cell malignancy associated with bone loss. Incadronate is available by prescription only, and is not marked is the United States, UK, Canada, or Australia. It is an approved treatment for malignancy-associated hypercalcemia (MAH) in Japan.[8]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia associated with malignant disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Calcium glubionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium glubionate (or glubionate calcium) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets.
4. Indication:  Calcium glubionate is indicated to treat conditions caused by low calcium levels such as bone loss (osteoporosis), weak bones (osteomalacia/rickets), decreased activity of the parathyroid gland (hypoparathyroidism), and a certain muscle disease (latent tetany). It may also be used in certain patients to make sure they are getting enough calcium (e.g., women who are pregnant, nursing, or postmenopausal, people taking certain medications such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, or prednisone).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Arzoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, osteoporosis, and endometrial cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxandrolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic hormone with anabolic and androgenic properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Use to promote weight gain after weight loss following extensive surgery.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate is an iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate.[1] It presents an increasing interest as this insoluble form can be milder in the gastrointestinal tract and present higher bioavailability.[10]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate is intended to be indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency as a formulation with a milder gastrointestinal effect.[9, 10] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Calcium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement and medication. Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.
4. Indication:  Oral calcium salts are used as dietary supplemental therapy for person who may not get enough calcium in their regular diet. Calcium gluconate is used as a cardioprotective agent in high blood potassium. Calcium gluconate is the antidote for magnesium sulfate toxicity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Strontium malonate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium malonate is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nintedanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nintedanib is a drug indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) that targets multiple receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs). Nintedanib inhibits the following RTKs: platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) α and β, fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) 1-3, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 1-3, and Fms-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3). Among them, FGFR, PDGFR, and VEGFR have been implicated in IPF pathogenesis. Nintedanib binds competitively to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding pocket of these receptors and blocks the intracellular signaling which is crucial for the proliferation, migration, and transformation of fibroblasts representing essential mechanisms of the IPF pathology. In addition, nintedanib inhibits the following nRTKs: Lck, Lyn and Src kinases. The contribution of FLT3 and nRTK inhibition to IPF efficacy is unknown.Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a progressive and ultimately fatal lung disease characterized by a progressive loss of lung function with worsening dyspnoea and cough. Development is thought to be instigated by repetitive lung injury (such as by cigarette smoke, industrial dusts, gastrooesophageal reflux and viral infection) leading to destruction of epithelial alveolar cells. Subsequent dysregulation of the repair process results in the proliferation/migration of fibroblasts and their differentiation into myofibroblasts, abnormal extracellular matrix deposition and excessive collagen accumulation in the lung interstitium and alveolar space, leading to progressive fibrosis and stiffening of the lungs. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) mediate various processes, including fibrogenesis and angiogenesis, and are implicated in the pathogenesis of IPF. By blocking substrate binding and downstream signalling cascades, nintedanib interferes with processes active in fibrosis such as fibroblast proliferation, migration and differentiation, and the secretion of extracellular matrix.
4. Indication:  Nintedanib is indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate.[1] FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug.[6] This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst.[7] It is also FDA approved since 2015.[FDA Label]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency to maintain hemoglobin and to reduce the prescribed dose of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) required to maintain desired hemoglobin levels.[8] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ergocalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) is a derivative of ergosterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from cholecalciferol in having a double bond between C22 and C23 and a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For use in the management of hypocalcemia and its clinical manifestations in patients with hypoparathyroidism, as well as for the treatment of familial hypophosphatemia (vitamin D resistant rickets). This drug has also been used in the treatment of nutritional rickets or osteomalacia, vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Calcidiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The major circulating metabolite of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). It is produced in the liver and is the best indicator of the body's vitamin D stores. It is effective in the treatment of rickets and osteomalacia, both in azotemic and non-azotemic patients. Calcifediol also has mineralizing properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  AP1903
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Repifermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant, ulcers, and inflammatory bowel disease.
