DrugId:  1
1. Name:  L-Carnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
4. Indication:  For treatment of primary systemic carnitine deficiency, a genetic impairment of normal biosynthesis or utilization of levocarnitine from dietary sources, or for the treatment of secondary carnitine deficiency resulting from an inborn error of metabolism such as glutaric aciduria II, methyl malonic aciduria, propionic acidemia, and medium chain fatty acylCoA dehydrogenase deficiency. Used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. Parenteral levocarnitine is indicated for the prevention and treatment of carnitine deficiency in patients with end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Glycine betaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Betaine is a methyl group donor that functions in the normal metabolic cycle of methionine and reduces homocystinuria in patients with inborn errors of methionine metabolism. In the United States, betaine is distributed under the brand name Cystadane® by Rare Disease Therapeutics. Many reports have shown that betaine's therapeutic effectiveness is limited, and does not lower tHcy levels or prevent clinical symptoms [2].
4. Indication:  Betaine is indicated for the treatment of homocystinuria to decrease elevated homocysteine blood levels. Included within the category of homocystinuria are deficiencies or defects in: 1. cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), 2. 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), 3. cobalamin cofactor metabolism (cbl). 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nilvadipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB) for treatment of hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina and hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Methylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of attention-deficit disorders in children and for narcolepsy. Its mechanisms appear to be similar to those of dextroamphetamine.
4. Indication:  For use as an integral part of a total treatment program which typically includes other remedial measures (psychological, educational, social) for a stabilizing effect in children with a behavioral syndrome characterized by the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Gabapentin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gabapentin (brand name Neurontin) is a medication originally developed for the treatment of epilepsy. Presently, gabapentin is widely used to relieve pain, especially neuropathic pain. Gabapentin is well tolerated in most patients, has a relatively mild side-effect profile, and passes through the body unmetabolized.
4. Indication:  For the management of postherpetic neuralgia in adults and as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in patients over 12 years of age with epilepsy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dexmethylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexmethylphenidate is the dextrorotary form of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and thus a psychostimulant. It is used for treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). 
4. Indication:  Dexmethylphenidate is used as a treatment for ADHD, ideally in conjunction with psychological, educational, behavioral or other forms of treatment.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Otilonium
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Methionine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A sulfur containing essential amino acid that is important in many body functions. It is a chelating agent for heavy metals.
4. Indication:  Used for protein synthesis including the formation of SAMe, L-homocysteine, L-cysteine, taurine, and sulfate.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tiagabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiagabine is an anti-convulsive medication. It is also used in the treatment for panic disorder as are a few other anticonvulsants. Though the exact mechanism by which tiagabine exerts its effect on the human body is unknown, it does appear to operate as a selective GABA reuptake inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of partial seizures
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mibefradil
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mibefradil was withdrawn from the market in 1998 because of potentially harmful interactions with other drugs.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of angina and high blood pressure.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tolfenamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolfenamic acid, with the formula N-(2-methyl-3-chlorphenyl)-anthranilic acid, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent.[2] It was discovered by scientists at Medica Pharmaceutical Company in Finland. It is used in the UK as a treatment for migraine under the name of Clotam.[10] In the US, it presents a Status class I by the FDA. By the European Medicine Agency, it was granted in 2016 with the status of orphan for the treatment of supranuclear palsy.[9]
4. Indication:  In the information for tolfenamic acid, it is stated that this drug, being an NSAID, is effective in treating the pain associated with the acute attack of migraines in adults.[11]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cervical dystonia in adults to decrease the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia. Also for the treatment of severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis that is inadequately managed with topical agents and for the treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm associated with dystonia, including benign essential blepharospasm or VII nerve disorders in patients 12 years of age and above. Also used cosmetically to temporarily improve the appearance of moderate-to-severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines) as well as for the treatment of excessive underarm sweating.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tariquidar
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ovarian cancer, lung cancer, and breast cancer.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant that is used in a wide variety of seizures. It is also an anti-arrhythmic and a muscle relaxant. The mechanism of therapeutic action is not clear, although several cellular actions have been described including effects on ion channels, active transport, and general membrane stabilization. The mechanism of its muscle relaxant effect appears to involve a reduction in the sensitivity of muscle spindles to stretch. Phenytoin has been proposed for several other therapeutic uses, but its use has been limited by its many adverse effects and interactions with other drugs. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor, temporal lobe) seizures and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during or following neurosurgery.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  NADH
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  NADH is the reduced form of NAD+, and NAD+ is the oxidized form of NADH, a coenzyme composed of ribosylnicotinamide 5'-diphosphate coupled to adenosine 5'-phosphate by pyrophosphate linkage. It is found widely in nature and is involved in numerous enzymatic reactions in which it serves as an electron carrier by being alternately oxidized (NAD+) and reduced (NADH). It forms NADP with the addition of a phosphate group to the 2' position of the adenosyl nucleotide through an ester linkage. (Dorland, 27th ed)
4. Indication:  Some evidence suggests that NADH might be useful in treating Parkinson's disease, chronic fatigue syndrome, Alzheimer's disease and cardiovascular disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  CX516
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, memory loss, autism, neurologic disorders, dementia, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Glypromate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ezogabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ezogabine (D23129) is a close structural analog of the centrally acting analgesic flupitrine. It is a neuronal potassium channel opener being developed as a first-in-class antiepileptic drug (AED) and is currently being studied in Phase 3 trials as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adult patients with refractory epilepsy. FDA approved in June 10, 2011 under the name of ezogabine. 
4. Indication:  Adjuvant treatment of partial-onset seizures. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  JNJ-39393406
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JNJ-39393406 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of DEPRESSION, Schizophrenia, Smoking Cessation, Cognition Disorders, and Alzheimer's Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Quinethazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension. Common side effects include dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and low potassium levels.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Niguldipine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Niguldipine is a calcium channel blocker and a1-adrenergic receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Darinaparsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cancer/tumors (unspecified), solid tumors, multiple myeloma, and liver cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorders like chorea in Huntington's disease, hemiballismus, senile chorea, Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders, and tardive dyskinesia 
