DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sulodexide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulodexide is a mixture of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) composed of dermatan sulfate (DS) and fast moving heparin (FMH).
4. Indication:  Sulodexide has been used clinically for the prophylaxis and treatment of vascular diseases with increased risk of thrombosis, including intermittent claudication, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and post-myocardial infarc-tion. Also investigated in the treatment of diabetic kidney disease and diabetic neuropathy. New anti-inflammatory properties have also extended its use in venous disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Adinazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adinazolam (Deracyn®) is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, and antidepressant properties. Adinazolam was developed by Dr. Jackson B. Hester, who was seeking to enhance the antidepressant properties of alprazolam, which he also developed. Adinazolam was never FDA approved and was never available to the public. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and status epilepticus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Midazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A short-acting hypnotic-sedative drug with anxiolytic and amnestic properties. It is used in dentistry, cardiac surgery, endoscopic procedures, as preanesthetic medication, and as an adjunct to local anesthesia. The short duration and cardiorespiratory stability makes it useful in poor-risk, elderly, and cardiac patients. It is water-soluble at pH less than 4 and lipid-soluble at physiological pH. [PubChem] Midazolam is a schedule IV drug in the United States.
4. Indication:  The midazolam injection is indicated for preoperative sedation/anziolysis/amnesia. It is also an agent for sedation/anziolysis/amnesia prior to or during diagnostic, therapeutic, or endoscopic procedures. Midazolam can also be given intravenously for induction of general anaesthesia. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Flunitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with pharmacologic actions similar to those of diazepam that can cause anterograde amnesia. Some reports indicate that it is used as a date rape drug and suggest that it may precipitate violent behavior. The United States Government has banned the importation of this drug. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of severe insomnias, that are not responsive to other hypnotics.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hyperforin
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Hyperforin is a phytochemical produced by some of the members of the plant genus Hypericum, notably Hypericum perforatum (St John's wort).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Gantacurium Chloride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gantacurium Chloride is a new, investigational, non-depolarizing ultra-short acting neuromuscular blocker. It is being developed by Avera Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anesthesia (unspecified).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lorazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine used as an anti-anxiety agent with few side effects. It also has hypnotic, anticonvulsant, and considerable sedative properties and has been proposed as a preanesthetic agent.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders, and for treatment of status epilepticus.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Zaleplon
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Zaleplon is a sedative/hypnotic, mainly used for insomnia. It is known as a nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic. Zaleplon interacts with the GABA receptor complex and shares some of the pharmacological properties of the benzodiazepines. Zaleplon is a schedule IV drug in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of short-term treatment of insomnia in adults.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ronacaleret
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ronacaleret is a calcium-sensing receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Post-menopausal women with osteoporosis
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Oxazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxazepam is an intermediate-acting benzodiazepine used to treat alcohol withdrawal and anxiety disorders. Oxazepam is also the metabolite of other benzodiazpines.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders and alcohol withdrawal. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lorpiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lorpiprazole is a serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor used for the treatment of major depressive disorder.[1] It is a piperazinyl-triazole derivative.[3]
4. Indication:  In 2016, lorpiprazole was classified in the "Chemical structure-related drug-like criteria of global approved drugs" as an antipsychotic and anxiolytic.[6] An antipsychotic is a medication used to treat a state of delusion, hallucination, paranoia or disordered thought. On the other hand, an anxiolytic is a medication used for the treatment of severe, chronic or debilitating anxiety. The anxiety state can be defined as an unpleasant state of tension, apprehension or uneasiness.[4]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Benralizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benralizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody of the isotype IgG1k immunoglobulin that specifically binds to the alpha chain of the interleukin 5 receptor (IL-5R) expressed on eosinophils and basophils.[2] It inhibits the binding of IL-5 as well as the hetero-oligomerization of the alpha and beta subunits of the IL-5R, thus blocking, signal transduction. Besides, it is an afucosylated IgG which gives it high affinity for the FcγRIIIα receptor in natural killer cells, macrophages and neutrophils.[1] Benralizumab, FDA approved on November 14, 2017, was developed by MedImmune, the AstraZeneca's global biologic research and development arm.[6]
4. Indication:  Benralizumab is indicated as a maintenance treatment of patients 12 years or older with severe asthma and an eosinophilic phenotype.[7] The pathology of severe asthma with eosinophilic phenotype is also denotated as TH2-high phenotype. The patients with this phenotype are characterized by the expression of IL-5 and IL-13, airway hyperresponsiveness, responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids, high serum IgE and eosinophilia in blood and airway. In the TH2-high phenotype, IL-5 presents a central role as it is responsible for eosinophil differentiation, survival, activation and migration to the lungs.[3]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methyltestosterone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anabolic steroid used for treating men with testosterone deficiency or similar androgen replacement therapies. Also, has antineoplastic properties and so has been used secondarily in women with advanced breast cancer. Methyltestosterone is a schedule III drug in the US.
4. Indication:  Methyltestosterone is an anabolic steroid hormone used to treat men with a testosterone deficiency. It is also used in women to treat breast cancer, breast pain, swelling due to pregnancy, and with the addition of estrogen it can treat symptoms of menopause.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nicergoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of senile dementia, migraines of vascular origin, transient ischemia, platelet hyper-aggregability, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid, commonly abbreviated GHB, is a therapeutic drug which is illegal in multiple countries. It is currently regulated in the US and sold by Jazz Pharmaceuticals under the name Xyrem. However, it is important to note that GHB is a designated Orphan drug (in 1985). Today Xyrem is a Schedule III drug; however GHB remains a Schedule I drug and the illicit use of Xyrem falls under penalties of Schedule I. GHB is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits and almost all other living creatures in small amounts. It is used illegally under the street names Juice, Liquid Ecstasy or simply G, either as an intoxicant, or as a date rape drug. Xyrem is a central nervous system depressant that reduces excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.
4. Indication:  Used as a general anesthetic, to treat conditions such as insomnia, clinical depression, narcolepsy, and alcoholism, and to improve athletic performance. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nadroparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nadroparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) which, when bound to antithrombin III (ATIII), accelerates the inactivation of factor II and factor Xa. Nadroparin halts the coagulation pathway by inhibiting the activation of thrombin (factor IIa) by factor Xa. The amplification of the fibrin clotting cascade is stopped once factors Xa and IIa are inactivated. It is derived from porcine sources and has a mean molecular size of 5000 daltons. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Nadroparin is used for prophylaxis of thromboembolic disorders and general surgery in orthopedic surgery, treatment of deep vein thrombosis, prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and treatment of unstable angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thiopental
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the induction of general anesthesia or for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration. It is also used for hypnosis and for the control of convulsive states. It has been used in neurosurgical patients to reduce increased intracranial pressure. It does not produce any excitation but has poor analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. Small doses have been shown to be anti-analgesic and lower the pain threshold. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p920)
4. Indication:  For use as the sole anesthetic agent for brief (15 minute) procedures, for induction of anesthesia prior to administration of other anesthetic agents, to supplement regional anesthesia, to provide hypnosis during balanced anesthesia with other agents for analgesia or muscle relaxation, for the control of convulsive states during or following inhalation anesthesia or local anesthesia, in neurosurgical patients with increased intracranial pressure, and for narcoanalysis and narcosynthesis in psychiatric disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Oxaliplatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxaliplatin is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug in the same family as cisplatin and carboplatin. It is typically administered in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin in a combination known as Folfox for the treatment of colorectal cancer. Compared to cisplatin the two amine groups are replaced by cyclohexyldiamine for improved antitumour activity. The chlorine ligands are replaced by the oxalato bidentate derived from oxalic acid in order to improve water solubility. Oxaliplatin is marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the trademark Eloxatin®.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with infusional 5-FU/LV, is indicated for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the colon or rectum and for adjuvant treatment of stage III colon cancer patients who have undergone complete resection of the primary tumor. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Diazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic properties and a long duration of action. Its actions are mediated by enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid activity. It is used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p589)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
