DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tauroursodeoxycholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is the more hydrophilic form of ursodeoxycholic acid, which is the more abundant naturally produced bile acid in humans. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid, on the other hand, is produced abundantly in bears and has been used for centuries as a natural remedy in some Asian countries. It is approved in Italy and Turkey for the treatment of cholesterol gallstones and is an investigational drug in China, Unites States, and Italy. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is being investigated for use in several conditions such as Primary Biliary Cirrhosis (PBC), insulin resistance, amyloidosis, Cystic Fibrosis, Cholestasis, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis. The only completed clinical trial thus far is a phase III clinical trial comparing tauroursodeoxycholic acid and ursofalk in PBC adult patients, but as of June 2013 no results of this trial have been published. 
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of cholesterol gallstones. Tauroursodeoxycholic acid is also being investigated for use in several conditions such as Primary Biliary Cirrhosis (PBC), insulin resistance, amyloidosis, Cystic Fibrosis, Cholestasis, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A radionuclide imaging agent used primarily in scintigraphy or tomography of the heart to evaluate the extent of the necrotic myocardial process. It has also been used in noninvasive tests for the distribution of organ involvement in different types of amyloidosis and for the evaluation of muscle necrosis in the extremities.
4. Indication:  For use as a skeletal imaging agent used to demonstrate areas of altered osteogenesis, and a cardiac imaging agent used as an adjunct in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction [FDA Label]. May also be used to image gated blood pools and detect gastrointetinal bleeding.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Melphalan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alkylating nitrogen mustard that is used as an antineoplastic in the form of the levo isomer - melphalan, the racemic mixture - merphalan, and the dextro isomer - medphalan; toxic to bone marrow, but little vesicant action; potential carcinogen. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of multiple myeloma and for the palliation of non-resectable epithelial carcinoma of the ovary. Has also been used alone or as part of various chemotherapeutic regimens as an adjunct to surgery in the treatment of breast cancer, alone or in combination regimens for palliative treatment of locally recurrent or unresectable in-transit metastatic melanoma of the extremities, as well as for the treatment of amyloidosis with prednisone.
