DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bifonazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bifonazole is an azole antifungal drug. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of various topical fungal infections, including athlete's foot (tinea pedis).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dalfampridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalfampridine is a potassium channel blocker used to help multiple sclerosis patients walk. This is the first drug that was specifically approved to help with mobility in these patients. FDA approved on January 22, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Dalfampridine is a neurofunctional modifier that helps improve walking speed in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nystatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nystatin is a polyene antifungal drug to which many molds and yeasts are sensitive, including Candida spp. Nystatin has some toxicity associated with it when given intravenously, but it is not absorbed across intact skin or mucous membranes. It is considered a relatively safe drug for treating oral or gastrointestinal fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For treatment of cutaneous or mucocutaneous mycotic infections caused by Candida species
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Tetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tetracycline is a broad spectrum polyketide antibiotic produced by the Streptomyces genus of Actinobacteria. It exerts a bacteriostatic effect on bacteria by binding reversible to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and blocking incoming aminoacyl tRNA from binding to the ribosome acceptor site. It also binds to some extent to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit and may alter the cytoplasmic membrane causing intracellular components to leak from bacterial cells.
4. Indication:  Used to treat bacterial infections such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever, typhus fever, tick fevers, Q fever, rickettsialpox and Brill-Zinsser disease. May be used to treat infections caused by Chlamydiae spp., B. burgdorferi (Lyme disease), and upper respiratory infections caused by typical (S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, and M. catarrhalis) and atypical organisms (C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila). May also be used to treat acne. Tetracycline may be an alternative drug for people who are allergic to penicillin.
