DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sulfamerazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent. It can be used to treat bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulfamethazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfanilamide anti-infective agent. It has a spectrum of antimicrobial action similar to other sulfonamides. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nomifensine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nomifensine, formerly marketed as Merital capsules, was associated with an increased incidence of hemolytic anemia. The approved application holder removed Merital capsules from the market on January 23, 1986. FDA published a notice of its determination that Merital capsules were removed from the market for safety reasons (see the Federal Register of June 17, 1986 (51 FR 21981)). Approval of the NDA for Merital capsules was withdrawn on March 20, 1992 (see the Federal Register of March 20, 1992 (57 FR 9729)). Also withdrawn from the Canadian and UK markets.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2a, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon a (human leukocyte protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with lysine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent. An oral form is being developed by Amarillo Biosciences.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, hairy cell leukemia, AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma, and chronic myelogenous leukemia. Also for the treatment of oral warts arising from HIV infection.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxymetholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Oxymetholone is a synthetic anabolic steroid marketed under the brand name Anapolon by Hoffmann La Roche Limited. Its primary clinical applications include treatment of osteoporosis and anaemia, as well as stimulating muscle growth in malnourished or underdeveloped patients. Anabolic-androgenic steroids (AAS), such as oxymetholone, have been abused by bodybuilders and athletes. The uncontrolled misuse of oxymetholone can lead to a large variety of detrimental effects, the most often reported of which are cardiovascular events. In 2009, no producers of oxymetholone were identified worldwide (SRI 2009), but it was available from 14 suppliers, including 8 U.S. suppliers (ChemSources 2009).
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of anemias caused by deficient red cell production. Acquired aplastic anemia, congenital aplastic anemia, myelofibrosis and the hypoplastic anemias due to the administration of myelotoxic drugs often respond. Oxymetholone should not replace other supportive measures such as transfusion, correction of iron, folic acid, vitamin B12 or pyridoxine deficiency, antibacterial therapy and the appropriate use of corticosteroids. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Temafloxacin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Temafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic drug which was withdrawn from sale in the U.S. shortly after its approval in 1992 because of serious adverse reactions resulting in three deaths. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections, genital and urinary infections like prostatitis, and skin infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  SYM001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sym001 is a recombinant polyclonal antibody consisting of 25 different anti-Rhesus D (RhD) antibodies to replace existing anti-RhD hyperimmune immunoglobulins for the treatment of Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP) and the prevention of Hemolytic Disease of Newborns (HDN).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nitrofurantoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A bacteriostatic or bactericidal agent depending on the concentration and susceptibility of the infecting organism. Nitrofurantoin is active against some gram positive organisms such as S. aureus, S. epidermidis, S. saprophyticus, Enterococcus faecalis, S. agalactiae, group D streptococci, viridians streptococci and Corynebacterium. Its spectrum of activity against gram negative organisms includes E. coli, Enterobacter, Neisseria, Salmonella and Shigella. It may be used as an alternative to trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treating urinary tract infections though it may be less effective at eradicating vaginal bacteria. May also be used in females as prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. Nitrofurantoin is highly stable to the development of bacterial resistance, a property thought to be due to its multiplicity of mechanisms of action. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an alternative in the treatment of urinary tract infections. May be used by females pericoitally for prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Vatreptacog alfa
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatreptacog Alfa (Activated) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia B, Haemophilia A, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia A With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia B With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sulfamethoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bacteriostatic antibacterial agent that interferes with folic acid synthesis in susceptible bacteria. Its broad spectrum of activity has been limited by the development of resistance. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p208)
4. Indication:  For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Maltodextrin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Maltodextrin is under investigation for the treatment and prevention of Autism, Pouchitis, Inflammation, Colonic Cancer, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others. Maltodextrin has been investigated for the prevention and treatment of Fatigue, Thalassemia, Constipation, Type I Diabetes, and Sickle Cell Anemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Rivipansel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rivipansel has been used in trials studying the other, basic science, and treatment of Pain Crisis, Renal impairment, Anemia, Sickle Cell, Sickle Cell Disease, and Sickle Cell Disorders, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
