DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen is the pollen of the Ambrosia acanthicarpa plant. Ambrosia acanthicarpa pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Na-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Na 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00728182 (Evaluating Neuroprotection in Aneurysm Coiling Therapy).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acetophenazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetophenazine is an antipsychotic drug of moderate-potency. It is used in the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. It is also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions). It primarily targets the dopamine D2 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. Also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions.)
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Beta-Alanine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of dihydrouracil and carnosine. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pentostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. The drug is effective in the treatment of many lymphoproliferative malignancies, particularly hairy-cell leukemia. It is also synergistic with some other antineoplastic agents and has immunosuppressive activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukaemia refractory to alpha interferon.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tioguanine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic compound which also has antimetabolite action. The drug is used in the therapy of acute leukemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For remission induction and remission consolidation treatment of acute nonlymphocytic leukemias.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Exemestane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Exemestane is an oral steroidal aromatase inhibitor used in the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive (also called hormone-receptor-positive, estrogen-responsive) breast cancer in postmenopausal women. It acts as a false substrate for the aromatase enzyme, and is processed to an intermediate that binds irreversibly to the active site of the enzyme causing its inactivation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women whose disease has progressed following tamoxifen therapy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nimodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nimodipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nimodipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Compared to other calcium channel blocking agents, nimodipine exhibits greater effects on cerebral circulation than on peripheral circulation. Nimodipine is used to as an adjunct to improve the neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to improve neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from ruptured intracranial berry aneurysms by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits.
