DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bivalirudin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bivalirudin is a synthetic 20 residue peptide (thrombin inhibitor) which reversibly inhibits thrombin. Once bound to the active site, thrombin cannot activate fibrinogen into fibrin, the crucial step in the formation of thrombus. It is administered intravenously. Because it can cause blood stagnation, it is important to monitor changes in hematocrit, activated partial thromboplastin time, international normalized ratio and blood pressure.
4. Indication:  For treatment of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia and for the prevention of thrombosis. Bivalirudin is indicated for use in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), in patients at moderate to high risk acute coronary syndromes due to unstable angina or non-ST segment elevation in whom a PCI is planned.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ginseng
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginseng is promoted as an adaptogen (a product that increases the body's resistance to stress), one which can to a certain extent be supported with reference to its anticarcinogenic and antioxidant properties. Ginseng is also known to contain phytoestrogens.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in deodorant and antiperspirant products for the over-the-counter use. It is consisted of a mixture of monomeric and polymeric Zr4+ and Al3+ complexes with hydroxide, chloride and glycine. The compound forms a colloidal plug in sweat pores, preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Water
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Water (chemical formula: H2O) is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and rain, and is the major constituent of the fluids of organisms. As a chemical compound, a water molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms that are connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at standard ambient temperature and pressure, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice; and gaseous state, steam (water vapor).
4. Indication:  For diluting or dissolving drugs for intravenous, intramuscular or subcutaneous injection, according to instructions of the manufacturer of the drug to be administered [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Aluminum chlorohydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface [1]. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an antiperspirant. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly is a coordination complex that consists of of aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrate and glycine. It is an active antiperspirant agent in deodorant products. It diffuses into the sweat pores and block sweat from leaving the pores. The anhydrous form of the compound has water-absorbing properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Titanium dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally it is sourced from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.
4. Indication:  In the pharmaceutical industry, titanium dioxide is used in most sunscreens to block UVA and UVB rays, similar to zinc oxide. It is also commonly used as pigment for pharmaceutical products such as gelatin capsules, tablet coatings and syrups.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
