DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Danazol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of endometriosis and fibrocystic breast disease (in patients unresponsive to simple measures). Also used for the prophylactic treatment of all types of hereditary angioedema in males and females.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nafarelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. Nafarelin has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of central precocious puberty (true precocious puberty, GnRH-dependent precocious precocity, complete isosexual precocity) in children of both sexes and for the treatment of endometriosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
