DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Teduglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS), malabsorption associated with the removal of the intestine, in adults patients who are dependent on parenteral support. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Enzalutamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enzalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer. FDA approved on August 31, 2012.
4. Indication:  Enzalutamide is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer who have previously received docetaxel.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Regadenoson
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Regadenoson is an A2A adenosine receptor agonist that causes coronary vasodilation and used for myocardial perfusion imagining. Manufactured by Astellas and FDA approved April 10, 2008. 
4. Indication:  Diagnostic agent for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Corticorelin ovine triflutate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Corticorelin, available commercially as corticorelin ovine triflutate (tradename Acthrel), is a synthetic form of the peptide human corticotropin-releasing hormone (hCRH), a potent stimulator of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) release from the anterior pituitary. Endogenous forms hCRH are involved in the stress response and its main function is stimulation of the pituitary to release ACTH. It is used as a diagnostic agent to evaluate the status of the pituitary-adrenal axis in the differentiation of a pituitary source from an ectopic source of excessive ACTH secretion. It provides a differential diagnosis for Cushing's disease (a pituitary source of ACTH excess) or of ectopic ACTH syndrome (an ectopic source of ACTH excess). If corticorelin injection results in an increase of plasma ACTH and cortisol, the patient is diagnosed with Cushing's disease. However, if corticorelin injection does not result in an increase of plasma ACTH and cortisol, the patient is diagnosed with ectopic ACTH syndrome.
4. Indication:  Corticorelin is indicated for use in differentiating pituitary and ectopic production of ACTH in patients with ACTH-dependent Cushing's syndrome.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pergolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist approved in 1982 for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease. It is an ergot derivative that acts on the dopamine D2 and D3, alpha2- and alpha1-adrenergic, and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors. It was indicated as adjunct therapy with levodopa/carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonian syndrome. It was later found that pergolide increased the risk of cardiac valvulopathy. The drug was withdrawn from the US market in March 2007 and from the Canadian market in August 2007.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in the management of the signs and symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It was withdrawn from the US and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valvulopathy. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Somatrem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 1985 somatrem (methionyl-growth hormone) became the first recombinant growth hormone product to be marketed commercially (Protropin by Genentech) [3]. The agent has the same amino acid sequence as human growth hormone except for an extra methionine at the end of the sequence chain to facilitate its manufacturing process [3].Although the first commercially marketed recombinant growth hormone product Protropin was discontinued in 2004 owing to a relative explosion in brand and generic based releases of competing companies' own recombinant growth hormone products and the ensuing competition in product price over the years, many companies now produce and sell various approved formulations of methionyl-growth hormone, including Genetech's own current Nutropin product [3].Despite the ability of almost all contemporary recombinant growth hormones to cause definite and demonstrable increases in growth rate in patients who are administered the drug, the use of these agents continues to be mired in persistent bioethical debate [1]. Such discussion revolves around whether patients' natural disposition of short stature should be considered a medical condition justifying medical treatment with such hormone therapy - especially when these hormone agents have been proven effective at increasing the height of children with or without growth hormone deficiency [1].
4. Indication:  Somatrem is a recombinant human growth hormone indicated for: (a) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to growth hormone deficiency (GHD), (b) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to idiopathic short stature (ISS), (c) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to Turner syndrome (TS), (d) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) up to the time of renal transplantation, (e) treatment of adults with childhood-onset GHD, or (f) treatment of adults with adult-onset GHD [FDA Label].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cabergoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cabergoline, an ergot derivative, is a long-acting dopamine agonist and prolactin inhibitor. It is used to treat hyperprolactinemic disorders and Parkinsonian Syndrome. Cabergoline possesses potent agonist activity on dopamine D2 receptors. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperprolactinemic disorders, either idiopathic or due to prolactinoma (prolactin-secreting adenomas). May also be used to manage symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome as monotherapy during initial symptomatic management or as an adjunct to levodopa therapy during advanced stages of disease. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cenderitide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cenderitide is under investigation for the treatment of ST Elevation (STEMI) Myocardial Infarction of Anterior Wall.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Fomivirsen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [6]. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis Pharmaceuticals, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis [3]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the local treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), when other therapy has been ineffective or is considered unsuitable [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gadopentetate dimeglumine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)
4. Indication:  For use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults, and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine and associated tissues as well as lesions with abnormal vascularity in the head and neck. Also used to facilitate the visualization of lesions with abnormal vascularity in the body (excluding the heart).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pegvisomant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly. Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.
4. Indication:  Pegvisomant is a growth hormone receptor antagonist used for the treatment of acromegaly.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Corticorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dapiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapiprazole (U.S. trade name Rev-Eyes) is an alpha blocker. It is used to reverse mydriasis after eye examination. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of iatrogenically induced mydriasis produced by adrenergic (phenylephrine) or parasympatholytic (tropicamide) agents used in certain eye examinations.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Gonadorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pitutitary.
4. Indication:  For evaluating the functional capacity and response of the gonadotropes of the anterior pituitary also for evaluating residual gonadotropic function of the pituitary following removal of a pituitary tumor by surgery and/or irradiation.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
