DrugId:  1
1. Name:  FavId
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FavId, is an active immunotherapy that is based upon unique genetic information extracted from a patient's tumor.
4. Indication:  B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  VIR201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  is an experimental therapeutic vaccine currently in clinical trial. The aim of therapeutic vaccines is to augment the body's immune response to HIV and to delay or prevent progression to AIDS.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  EW-A-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  RDEA806
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RDEA806 is a new HIV non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) with a high genetic barrier to resistance and a broad spectrum of activity.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with appropriate antiretroviral agents when therapy is warranted.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  NV1020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV1020, a genetically engineered herpes simplex virus, is a novel anticancer therapeutic.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  CX501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cx501 is used to treat epidermolysis bullosa (EB), a rare genetic condition which can lead to contraction of the joints, fusion of fingers and toes, contraction of the mouth membranes and narrowing of the oesophagus. It is developed by Cellerix and is in phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ICA-105665
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ICA-105665 is a novel small molecule compound for the treatment of epilepsy. It is a novel opener of the KCNQ ion channel which in preclinical studies has demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity in models of epilepsy. In addition, ICA-105665 has also demonstrated activity in certain models of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  EG009
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cerepro is a novel gene-based product for the treatment of patients with operable high grade glioma, a type of malignant brain tumour, given in addition to standard surgery and radiotherapy/chemotherapy. It is being developed by Ark Therapeutics.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of brain cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  omega interferon
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Human interferon omega 1 (IFN-omega 1 = IFN-alpha II1) is a recently discovered protein structurally related to IFN-alpha and -beta. It occurs naturally in the human body and is currently being manufactured by Intarcia through genetic engineering. There are multiple routes for administration of omega interferon: injection, an implantable subcutaneous drug delivery system, and an oral formulation. It has been investigated both in single and combination treatment. The biological activities of IFN-omega 1 and its physiological role are not known to date. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ataluren
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ataluren is a novel, orally administered drug that targets nonsense mutations. Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.This drug does not yet have approval by the US Food and Drug Administration or by Health Canada for any indications.
4. Indication:  Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  D-Tryptophan
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Tryptophan is one of the 20 standard amino acids, as well as an essential amino acid in the human diet. It is encoded in the standard genetic code as the codon UGG. The D-stereoisomer is occasionally found in naturally produced peptides (for example, the marine venom peptide contryphan). The distinguishing structural characteristic of tryptophan is that it contains an indole functional group. It is an essential amino acid as defined by its growth effects on rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Amolimogene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of cervical dysplasia associated with the human papillomavirus (HPV).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  ReN001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ReN001 is a clonal human neural stem cell line developed for clinical use in the treatment of stable disability after stroke. ReN001 a strong candidate for one of the first cell-based IND applications to be submitted to the Food and Drug Administration in the United States for consideration for the treatment of stroke in humans.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of stroke.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  L-aminocarnityl-succinyl-leucyl-argininal-diethylacetal
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C-101, also called Myodur, is developed for the treatment of Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy (DMD) which is a morbid genetic disease that can lead to death in late adolescence due to accelerated skeletal muscle breakdown. C-101 includes a carnitine carrier molecule and a leupeptin analogue, a known calpain inhibitor. Calpain is the primary protease that degrades skeletal muscle.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in muscular dystrophy.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Voxilaprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voxilaprevir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Voxilaprevir exerts its antiviral action by reversibley binding and inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [2]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, voxilaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as voxilaprevir. Voxilaprevir has been available since July 2017 in a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir and Velpatasvir as the commercially available product Vosevi. Vosevi is approved for the treatment of adult patients with chronic HCV infection with genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection [FDA Label]. Notably, Vosevi is approved for use in patients with genotypes 1-6 who have been previously treated with an NS5A inhibitor, or patients with genotypes 1a or 3 infection and have previously been treated with an HCV regimen containing Sofosbuvir without an NS5A inhibitor [4]. Prior to Vosevi, there were no approved retreatment options for patients who have previously received, and failed, a regimen containing an NS5A inhibitor for treatment of chronic HCV infection.
4. Indication:  Vosevi (Voxilaprevir/Sofosbuvir/Velpatasvir) is approved for use in patients with genotypes 1-6 who have been previously treated with an NS5A inhibitor, or patients with genotypes 1a or 3 infection who have previously been treated with an HCV regimen containing Sofosbuvir without an NS5A inhibitor [4]. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  MN-305
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, depression, insomnia, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  G207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G207 is cancer-killing viruses, so-called oncolytic viruses, for the treatment of various forms of cancer developed by MediGene AG. These viruses are specific herpes simplex viruses, or HSVs, generally known as the cause of cold sores. MediGene uses these viruses, however, in a modified and "disarmed" form in order to make them utilizable as a therapeutic agent in humans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Favipiravir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Favipiravir has been investigated for the treatment of Influenza. It is a unique viral RNA polymerase inhibitor, acting on viral genetic copying to prevent its reproduction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
