DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  IDM-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IDM-1 is IDM’s most advanced antibody-based Cell drug for the treatment of cancer. It is comprised of MAK(Monocytes-derived Activated Killer) cells associated with MDX-210, a bispecific anti-HER-2/neu antibody developed by Medarex Inc.
4. Indication:  Ovarian cancer
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pascolizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pascolizumab (SB 240683) is a humanized anti-interleukin-4 antibody with therapeutic potential in asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ACA 125
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An IgG1 murine monoclonal anti-idiotype antibody (Ab2), ACA-125, was developed to bind to anti-CA 125 antibodies. ACA-125 mimics the tumor-associated antigen CA-125, which can be detected in about 80% of ovarian carcinomas.This new concept of oncological immunotherapy consists of an attempt to trigger the immune system of the host to respond against tumor cells. Antiidiotypic antibodies bearing the internal image of an antigen expressed on the surface of the tumor are suited to this approach. To create ACA-125, a hybridoma cell was adapted to serum-free medium and antibody was produced in a hollow fiber cell culture system. Positive clinical results are now being reported.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ovarian cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  AS1409
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AS1409 is a genetically engineered fusion protein made up of two distinct components. One is the cytokine IL12, which has anti-cancer activity. The other is an antibody that targets tumours. It is developed by Antisoma is in a phase I of clinical trial for the treatment of renal cancer and melanoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney cancer and melanoma.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  IMC-1C11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IMC-1C11 is an anti-angiogenesis agent. It is a chimeric anti-kinase insert domain-containing receptor (KDR) antibody that blocks VEGFR-KDR interaction and inhibits VEGFR-induced endothelial cell proliferation. IMC-1C11 is used for treatment of patients with liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aldesleukin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aldesleukin, a lymphokine, is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a genetically engineered E. coli strain containing an analog of the human interleukin-2 gene. Genetic engineering techniques were used to modify the human IL-2 gene, and the resulting expression clone encodes a modified human interleukin-2. This recombinant form differs from native interleukin-2 in the following ways: a) Aldesleukin is not glycosylated because it is derived from E. coli; b) the molecule has no N-terminal alanine; the codon for this amino acid was deleted during the genetic engineering procedure; c) the molecule has serine substituted for cysteine at amino acid position 125.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adults with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Briakinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Briakinumab is a human anti-IL-12 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of a number of T-cell driven autoimmune diseases. It targets and neutralize interleukin-12 and interleukin-23, two proteins associated with inflammation, such as pro-inflammatory interleukins or tumor necrosis factor- alpha. Briakinumab represents a novel approach to treating psoriasis, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn’s Disease and other autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Prednicarbate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug. It is similar in potency to hydrocortisone. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ingenol Mebutate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ingenol mebutate was approved by the FDA in January 2012, and it is marketed under the name Picato®. Picato gel is indicated for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Before approval, ingenol mebutate was called PEP005 as an investigational drug. PEP005 is a selective small molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) extracted from the plant Euphorbia peplus, whose sap has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of skin conditions including warts and cancer. PEP005 also has potent anti-leukemic effects, inducing apoptosis in myeloid leukemia cell lines and primary AML cells at nanomolar concentrations. 
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  CT-011
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CT-011 is a humanized monoclonal antibody directed against a B7 family-associated protein, in patients with advanced haematological malignancies. It is directed against human PD-1 (programmed cell death 1; PDCD1), with immunomodulating and antitumor activities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alpha 1-antitrypsin is a glycoprotein primarily produced by hepatocytes, and to a lesser extent, immune system cells. Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin (rAAT) is produced from yeast, which unlike commercially available forms of plasma-derived AAT, eliminates the risk associated with blood-borne infectious agents and allows for a increased manufacturing. rAAT belongs to a family of structurally-related proteins classified as serine protease inhibitors or SERPINS, which are known to inhibit several proteases including trypsin, cathepsin G, thrombin, tissue kallikrein, as well as neutrophil elastase. The proteinase/antiproteinase balance is believed to be important for maintaining healthy skin. The rAAT topical gel (Dermolastin™) is indicated for patients with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis. The company has indicated that other formulations for gastroenterological and urological indications will also be developed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency, atopic dermatitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  oportuzumab monatox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VB4-845 is studied in the treatment of certain types of head and neck cancer. VB4-845 is made by linking a monoclonal antibody fragment to a toxic protein that may kill cancer cells. VB4-845 is a fusion protein containing humanized scFv specific for the epithelial cell adhesion molecule, Ep-CAM, a tumor cell-associated target highly expressed on carcinoma cells of epithelial origin and a truncated portion of Pseudomonas exotoxin A.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bladder cancer and head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Certolizumab pegol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Certolizumab pegol is a recombinant Fab' antibody fragment against tumor necrosis factor alpha which is conjugated to an approximately 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG2MAL40K). Polyethylene glycol helps to delay the metabolism and elimination of the drugs. Chemically, the light chain is made up of 214 amino acid residues while the heavy chain is composed of 229 amino acid residues. The molecular mass of the Fab' antibody fragment itself is 47.8 kDa. It is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease. FDA approved on April 22, 2008
4. Indication:  Reducing signs and symptoms of Crohn's disease and treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA). 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Atl146e
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL146e is an anti-inflammatory compounds which is an agonist of A2A adenosine receptors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  SGN-30
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGN-30 is an engineered monoclonal antibody (mAb) that reacts with significant affinity to the CD30 antigen, which is highly expressed on a variety of hematologic malignancies as compared to on normal cells. SGN-30 has been shown to induce direct anti-cancer activity towards tumor cells expressing CD30 and is undergoing phase II trials for cancer therapy. SGN-30 has demonstrated objective antitumor responses as a single agent in phase II clinical trials. We are collaborating with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on three clinical trials of SGN-30 in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma, front-line ALCL and pediatric ALCL.SGN-30 received orphan drug designation from the FDA in July 2003 for Hodgkin lymphoma and in February 2004 for T-cell lymphomas. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, cancer/tumors (unspecified), lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Indium In-111 oxyquinoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline (oxine) is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical intended for radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes. It is composed of a 3:1 saturated complex of In-111 isotope and oxyquinoline. Indium-111 decays by isomeric transition and electron capture to cadmium-111, emitting a gamma ray that can be detected with a gamma ray camera. It is therefore useful in nuclear medicine, and is used in the labeling of leukocytes for localization of processes to which leukocytes migrate, such as those associated with abscesses or other infections. The degree of accuracy may vary with labeling techniques and with the size, location and nature of the inflammatory process.Following intravenous administration, the lipid-soluble complex is able to penetrate platelet cell membranes. Once inside, Indium detaches from the oxyquinoline complexes and becomes attached to cytoplasmic components.
4. Indication:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline is indicated for radiolabeling autologous leukocytes.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Candicidin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Candicidin is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces (Streptomyces griseus) and active against some fungi of the genus Candida (C. albicans). Candicidin is administered intravaginally in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Used in the topical treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dinutuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dinutuximab is an IgG1 monoclonal human/mouse chimeric antibody against GD2, a disialoganglioside expressed on tumors of neuroectodermal origin, including human neuroblastoma and melanoma, with highly restricted expression on normal tissues. It is composed of the variable heavy- and light-chain regions of the murine anti-GD2 mAb 14.18 and the constant regions of human IgG1 heavy-chain and kappa light-chain. By binding to GD2, dinutiximab induces antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity and complement-dependent cytotoxicity of tumor cells thereby leading to apoptosis and inhibiting proliferation of the tumour. It is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
4. Indication:  Dinutuximab is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Epratuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epratuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody derived from the murine IG2a monotclonal antibody, LL2 (EPB-2). Potential uses may be found in oncology and in treatment of inflammatory autoimmune disorders, such as lupus (SLE).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid), lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and systemic lupus erythematosus.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  anti-alpha5Beta1-integrin antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Integrins are important adhesion molecules that regulate tumor and endothelial cell survival, proliferation and migration. The integrin alpha5beta1 has been shown to play a critical role during angiogenesis. anti-alpha5beta1 integrin antibody inhibits angiogenesis, including vessel formation induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), as well as other pro-angiogenic growth factors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  TNX-901
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TNX-901 is a therapeutic monoclonal antibodies designed to address significant unmet medical needs in the areas of asthma, allergy, inflammation and other diseases affecting the human immune system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
