DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Meclofenamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with antipyretic and antigranulation activities. It also inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain, for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea and for the treatment of idiopathic heavy menstrual blood loss. Also for relief of the signs and symptoms of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ioversol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ioversol is an organoiodine compound used as a diagnostic contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content, as well as several hydrophilic groups.
4. Indication:  Optiray 350 is indicated in adults for peripheral and coronary arteriography and left ventriculography. Optiray 350 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, intravenous excretory urography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and venography. Optiray 350 is indicated in children for angiocardiography.Optiray 320 is indicated in adults for angiography throughout the cardiovascular system. The uses include cerebral, coronary, peripheral, visceral and renal arteriography, venography, aortography, and left ventriculography. Optiray 320 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 320 is indicated in children for angiocardiography, contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 300 is indicated for cerebral angiography and peripheral arteriography. Optiray 300 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, venography, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 240 is indicated for cerebral angiography and venography. Optiray 240 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body and intravenous excretory urography.
