DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Brodalumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brodalumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Psoriasis, Crohn's Disease, Psoriatic Arthritis, and Rheumatoid Arthritis. Brodalumab was FDA approved in February, 2017 as Siliq for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Brodalumab has been approved for the treatment of psoriasis vulgaris, psoriatic arthritis, pustular psoriasis and psoriatic erythroderma. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bimekizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bimekizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psoriatic arthritis, Ankylosing Spondylitis, Chronic Plaque Psoriasis, and Mild to Moderate Psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  YSIL6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YSIL6 is a small-molecule drug in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. The molecule works by inhibiting TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in T-cells and macrophages, and by inhibiting T-cell proliferation and migration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  KC706
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KC706 is a novel anti-inflammatory drug that works by inhibiting the activity of p38 MAP kinase. KC706 holds potential to treat inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease and cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory bowel disease, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Galiximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Galiximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  LM-609
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LM-609 (Vitaxin) is an artificial antibody that targets a protein on the surface of newly forming blood vessels, as well as on certain tumors. In addition to cancer, the protein has been implicated in bone destruction in rheumatoid arthritis and the inflammatory process in psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, rheumatoid arthritis, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Golimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Golimumab is a human IgG1қ monoclonal antibody derived from immunizing genetically engineered mice with human TNFα. Golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNFα. Increased TNFα is associated with chronic inflammation. Thus golimumab is indicated for use in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications. In the U.S. and Canada, golimumab is marketed under the brand name Simponi®. The FDA label includes a black box warning of serious infections and malignancy. Additionally in children and adolescents taking golimumab, there have been lymphoma and other malignancies observed.
4. Indication:  Used in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Adalimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adalimumab is a human monoclonal antibody against TNF-alpha. It is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 1330 amino acids and has a molecular weight of approximately 148 kilodaltons [3].
4. Indication:  For treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  MM-093
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Etanercept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimeric fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding portion of the human 75 kilodalton (p75) tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) linked to the Fc portion of human IgG1. The Fc component of etanercept contains the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain and hinge region, but not the CH1 domain of IgG1. Etanercept is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 934 amino acids.
4. Indication:  Etanercept is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis in adults and chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. It is also used to manage signs and symptoms of polyarticular idiopathic arthritis in those aged 4 to 17 after insufficient response to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Etanercept is also used to improve psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Otelixizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Otelixizumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to a receptor found on all T cells called CD3, which is involved in normal T cell signaling. Otelixizumab is believed to inhibit the function of autoreactive T cells, which are important in propagating autoimmune diseases, while inducing regulatory T cell pathways that promote immunological tolerance and inhibit autoreactive disease activity. Tolerx is developing otelixizumab to treat patients with type 1 diabetes, psoriasis and other autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1, pediatric indications, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fluasterone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, hyperlipidemia, metabolic disease, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and obesity.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ustekinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ustekinumab, is a human immunosuppressive drug developed by the biotechnology company Centocor. It is a laboratory-manufactured, monoclonal antibody directed against interleukins IL-12 and IL-23. Since 2009, ustekinumab has been approved in US, Canada, and Europe for the treatment of plaque psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. In September 2016, Janssen announced that the FDA approved the medication for the treatment of moderate-severe Crohn's disease.
4. Indication:  Ustekinumab is indicated for management of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy; or is used alone or in conjunction with methotrexate for the management of active psoriatic arthritis in adults. The FDA approved the use of ustekinumab in September 2016 for the treatment of moderate to severe Crohn's disease. The use of ustekinumab may improve short term clinical response but not clinical remission in moderate to severe Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Briakinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Briakinumab is a human anti-IL-12 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of a number of T-cell driven autoimmune diseases. It targets and neutralize interleukin-12 and interleukin-23, two proteins associated with inflammation, such as pro-inflammatory interleukins or tumor necrosis factor- alpha. Briakinumab represents a novel approach to treating psoriasis, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn’s Disease and other autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Piclidenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CF 101 (known generically as IB-MECA) is an anti-inflammatory drug for rheumatoid arthritis patients. Its novel mechanism of action relies on antagonism of adenoside A3 receptors.CF101 is supplied as an oral drug and has an excellent safety profile. It is also being considered for the treatment of other autoimmune-inflammatory disorders, such as Crohn's disease, psorasis and dry eye syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), eye disorders/infections, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.Can-Fite BioPharma has reported that by targeting the adenosine A3-receptor, CF101 may also be used to treat Crohn's disease, a serious gastrointestinal disorder.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  VX-765
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-765 is the orally available prodrug of a potent and selective competitive inhibitor of ICE/caspase-1 (VRT-043198). VX-765 is currently under clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, as it blocks the hypersensitive response to an inflammatory stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified) and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Secukinumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Apremilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Apremilast is a novel, orally available small molecule inhibitor of type-4 cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase (PDE-4). It is indicated in the treatment of active psoriatic arthritis in adults (approved by the FDA in March 2014) and moderate to severe plaque psoriasis (approved by the FDA in September 2014). PDE-4 is a cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP)-specific phosphodiesterase that is predominantly located in inflammatory cells. By inhibiting PDE-4, apremilast increases intracellular levels of cAMP and thereby inhibits the production of multiple proinflammatory mediators including PDE-4, TNF-alpha, interleukin-2 (IL-2), interferon-gamma, leukotrienes, and nitric oxide synthase. By targeting a central component of the inflammatory signaling cascade rather than a single inflammatory marker, PDE-4 inhibition may restore the homeostatic balance between pro- and anti-inflammatory signalling.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ozoralizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozoralizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Active Rheumatoid Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  TRU-015
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (unspecified) and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methotrexate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic antimetabolite with immunosuppressant properties. It is an inhibitor of tetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase and prevents the formation of tetrahydrofolate, necessary for synthesis of thymidylate, an essential component of DNA.
4. Indication:  Methotrexate is indicated in the treatment of gestational choriocarcinoma, chorioadenoma destruens and hydatidiform mole. In acute lymphocytic leukemia, methotrexate is indicated in the prophylaxis of meningeal leukemia and is used in maintenance therapy in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents. Methotrexate is also indicated in the treatment of meningeal leukemia. Methotrexate is used alone or in combination with other anticancer agents in the treatment of breast cancer, epidermoid cancers of the head and neck, advanced mycosis fungoides (cutaneous T cell lymphoma), and lung cancer, particularly squamous cell and small cell types. Methotrexate is also used in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of advanced stage non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas. Methotrexate is indicated in the symptomatic control of severe, recalcitrant, disabling psoriasis. Methotrexate is indicated in the management of selected adults with severe, active rheumatoid arthritis (ACR criteria), or children with active polyarticular-course juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  LLL-3348
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
