DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Etanidazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Etanidazole has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Adult Ependymoma, Malignant Ascites, Adult Gliosarcoma, Adult Mixed Glioma, and Adult Glioblastoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Catumaxomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Catumaxumab is a trifunctional monoclonal antibody developed for use in cancer treatment. It has affinity for T-cells, accessory immune cells, and cancer cells. Catumaxumab was initially authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in April 2009 for the treatment of malignant ascites [3]. Its market authorization was withdrawn in the EU in June 2017 at the manufacturer's request due to the company's insolvency. Catumaxumab was approved for market in Canada in May 2012 for the same condition [FDA Label]. It is currently available under the brand name Removab.
4. Indication:  For use in the management of malignant ascites tumours via intraperitoneal infusion where standard therapy is not available or feasible [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Muromonab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Murine monoclonal antibody specific to CD3 T-cell lymphocyte antigens. More specifically it is a purified murine (mouse) monoclonal antibody, directed against the CD3 (T3) receptor on the surface of human T-cells (T-lymphocytes) cultured using the murine ascites method. Muromonab is 93% monomeric immune globulin G type 2a (IgG2a).
4. Indication:  For treatment of organ transplant recipients, prevention of organ rejection
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Azosemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Azosemide is a loop diuretic used to treat hypertension, edema, and ascites.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isosulfan blue
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Isosulfan Blue is a synthetic visual lymphatic imaging agent. Isosulfan blue upon subcutaneous administration, delineates the lymphatic vessels draining the region of injection. It is an adjunct to lymphography in: primary and secondary lymphedema of the extremities; chyluria, chylous ascites or chylothorax; lymph node involvement by primary or secondary neoplasm; lymph node response to therapeutic modalities. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Obeticholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Obeticholic acid is a farnesoid-X receptor (FXR) agonist and is used to treat a number of liver diseases. [1] Obeticholic acid has been granted accelerated approval to treat primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid. [1] Approval is limited to monotherapy in patient's who are intolerant to ursodeoxycholic acid, or in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid in adults who have not responded adequately to ursodeoxyholic acid alone. [1]Obeticholic acid given orally, binds to the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), a receptor found in the nucleus of cells in the liver and intestine. FXR is a key regulator of bile acid metabolic pathways. Obeticholic acid increases bile flow from the liver and suppresses bile acid production in the liver, thus reducing the exposure of the liver to toxic levels of bile acids.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.Obeticholic acid was approved as an orphan drug based on its reduction in the level of the biomarker alkaline phosphatase as a surrogate endpoint for clinical benefit. It is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA. Additional studies are being required to prove its clinical benefit.
