DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ropidoxuridine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ropidoxuridine is a novel, orally available, thymidine analogue and prodrug for IUdR, which demonstrated a survival advantage in Phase II studies in anaplastic astrocytoma, a type of brain tumor.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Chlorotoxin I-131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Chlorotoxin I-131 is investigated in clinical trials for treating brain cancer. Chlorotoxin I-131 binds to and reduces the activity of a matrix metalloproteinase (MMP) that regulates functioning of the chloride channels on cell membranes. Chlorotoxin is a small 36-amino-acid peptide that selectively binds to glioma cells but not normal brain parenchyma. It is a synthetic version of a neurotoxin isolated from the venom of the Giant Yellow Israeli scorpion Leiurus quinquestriatus. The synthetic version of this peptide has been manufactured and covalently linked to iodine 131 as a means of targeting radiation to tumor cells in the treatment of brain cancer. The selective effects of Chlorotoxin I-131 are regulated by its action on MMP2 receptors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in various forms of brain cancer; Malignant Glioma, Glioblastoma Multiforme, GBM, Anaplastic Astrocytoma, Oligo-Astrocytoma, Gliosarcoma
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  GTI-2501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2501 is a novel antisense drug which has shown a favorable safety profile in preclinical studies, and in a phase I clinical trial. The drug is in a phase II clinical trial in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of hormone refractory prostate cancer. Initial testing has demonstrated strong antitumor activity in preclinical studies in prostate cancer and a variety of other tumor types.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in prostate cancer and solid tumors.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Temozolomide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Temozolomide (Temodar and Temodal) is an oral alkylating agent used for the treatment of refractory anaplastic astrocytoma -- a type of cancerous brain tumor. Temozolomide is not active until it is converted at physiologic pH to the active form, 5-(3-methyltriazen-1-yl)imidazole-4-carboxamide (MTIC).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients diagnosed with anaplastic astrocytoma whose disease has progressed after therapy with nitrosourea and procarbazine, as well as concomitantly with radiation therapy for treatment of newly diagnosed glioblastoma multiforme. Also used as maintenance therapy for glioblastoma multiforme.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Everolimus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Everolimus is a derivative of Rapamycin (sirolimus), and works similarly to Rapamycin as an mTOR (mammalian target of rapamycin) inhibitor. It is currently used as an immunosuppressant to prevent rejection of organ transplants. In a similar fashion to other mTOR inhibitors Everolimus' effect is solely on the mTORC1 protein and not on the mTORC2 protein.
4. Indication:  Everolimus is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with advanced hormone receptor-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer (advanced HR+ BC) in combination with exemestane, after failure of treatment with letrozole or anastrozole.Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with progressive neuroendocrine tumors of pancreatic origin (PNET) with unresectable, locally advanced or metastatic disease.Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) after failure of treatment with sunitinib or sorafenib.Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with renal angiomyolipoma and tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC), not requiring immediate surgery.Indicated in pediatric and adult patients with tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC) for the treatment of subependymal giant cell astrocytoma (SEGA) that requires therapeutic intervention but cannot be curatively resected.
