DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Bavisant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bavisant has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Alcoholism, Pharmacokinetics, Drug Interactions, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Attention Deficit Disorders With Hyperactivity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pozanicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-089 is a neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that may have therapeutic utility for the treatment of several neurological disorders including Alzheimer, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorders. In radioligand binding studies, ABT-089 has shown selectivity toward the alpha4beta2 nAChR subtype as compared to the alpha7 and alpha1beta1deltagamma nAChR subtypes. Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) modulate the release of several important neurotransmitters, such as acetylcholine and dopamine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in Alzheimer's disease, Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and Schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Atomoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atomoxetine is the first non-stimulant drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is sold in the form of the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. This chemical is manufactured and marketed under the brand name Strattera; by Eli Lilly and Company and as a generic Attentin by Torrent Pharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic available within the United States due to patent restrictions. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) alone or in combination with behavioral treatment, as an adjunct to psychological, educational, social, and other remedial measures.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  CX516
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, memory loss, autism, neurologic disorders, dementia, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dasotraline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Valerian
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Valerian is extracted from a herb that is a perennial flowering plant. Valerian root is reported to have sedative and anxiolytic effects however its mechanism of action is not completely understood. Valerian has been used in the treatment of conditions including sleep disorders, anxiety, attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and joint pain. Valproic Acid is a derivative of valeric acid, which is obtained from the plant root. Valerian is a food ingredient permitted for direct addition to food for human consumption as a natural flavoring substance.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  SGS-742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), memory loss, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dexmethylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexmethylphenidate is the dextrorotary form of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and thus a psychostimulant. It is used for treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). 
4. Indication:  Dexmethylphenidate is used as a treatment for ADHD, ideally in conjunction with psychological, educational, behavioral or other forms of treatment.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pemoline
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 2005, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) withdrew approval for pemoline. In March 2005, Abbott Laboratories (Cylert marketer) had discontinued the production of Cylert arguing economic reasons.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of attention-deficit disorders in children and for narcolepsy. Its mechanisms appear to be similar to those of dextroamphetamine.
4. Indication:  For use as an integral part of a total treatment program which typically includes other remedial measures (psychological, educational, social) for a stabilizing effect in children with a behavioral syndrome characterized by the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Edivoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Edivoxetine is a drug which acts as a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and is currently under development by Eli Lilly for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and as an antidepressant treatment. It was in phase III clinical trials, in 2012, for major depressive disorder, but failed to get approval.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Deanol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Deanol is commonly referred to as 2-(dimethylamino)ethanol, dimethylaminoethanol (DMAE) or dimethylethanolamine (DMEA). It holds tertiary amine and primary alcohol groups as functional groups. Deanol has been used in the treatment of attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), Alzheimer's disease, autism, and tardive dyskinesia. It has been also used as an ingredient in skin care, and in cognitive function- and mood-enhancing products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  NS-2359
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NS2359 is a triple monoamine re-uptake inhibitor with a new, unique drug profile expected to yield important benefits compared to existing treatments of depression. Enhancing the function of the three neurotransmitters serotonin, noradrenalin and dopamine, NS2359 has a desired "triple-mode-of-action". This mode of action is expected to produce an optimal reduction in all disease symptoms and the possibility of an earlier onset of action compared to antidepressants already on the market.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and depression.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Altropane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Boston Life Sciences (BLS) is developing Altropane as a potential radio-imaging agent to be used with single photon emission tomography (SPECT), for the early diagnosis of Parkinson's disease (PD) and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), parkinson's disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Donepezil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Donepezil (Aricept), is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease process advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. Donepezil has been tested in other cognitive disorders including Lewy body dementia and Vascular dementia, but it is not currently approved for these indications. Donepezil has also been studied in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, schizophrenia, attention deficit disorder, post-coronary bypass cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment associated with multiple sclerosis, and Down syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Desipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use). 
4. Indication:  For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lisdexamfetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lisdexamfetamine (L-lysine-d-amphetamine) is a prodrug of the psychostimulant d-amphetamine coupled with the essential amino acid L-lysine. It was developed so that the amphetamine psychostimulant is released and activated more slowly as the prodrug molecule is hydrolyzed consequently cleaving off the amino acid-during the first pass through the intestines and/or the liver. Amphetamines target the trace amine-associated receptor 1 (TAAR1). Amphetamine is also believed to exert its effects by binding to the monoamine transporters (the dopamine transporter or DAT) and increasing extracellular levels of the biogenic amines dopamine, norepinephrine (noradrenaline) and serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in pediatric populations aged 6 to 12 years.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Guanfacine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A centrally acting antihypertensive agent. The drug lowers both systolic and diastolic blood pressure by activating the central nervous system alpha-2 adrenoreceptors, which results in reduced sympathetic outflow leading to reduced vascular tone. Its adverse reactions include dry mouth, sedation, and constipation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensive agents in the management of hypertension. Has also been used for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Clonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonidine, an imidazoline-derivative hypotensive agent is a centrally-acting α2-adrenergic agonist. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts in the hypothalamus to induce a decrease in blood pressure. It may also be administered as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone. Clonidine may be used for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients. Other uses for clonidine include prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clonidine also exhibits some peripheral activity. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
