DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Methocarbamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant whose mode of action has not been established. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1206)
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fasinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasinumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Sciatica, Back Pain, Low Back Pain, Osteoarthritis, Hip, and Abdominal Pain Upper, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Efmoroctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as Moroctocog alfa[1]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [1]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [1, 2]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [2]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and Antihemophilic factor human, which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [1]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Magnesium salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium salicylate is a common analgesic and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate muscular pain. It is also used to treat headaches, general back pain, and certain joint pains like arthritis.It is found in a variety of over-the-counter (OTC) medications as an anti-inflammatory, primarily for back-pain relief. Magnesium Salicylate can be an effective OTC alternative to prescription NSAIDs, with both anti-inflamatory and pain-relieving effects.Though the recommended doseage is 1160 mg every six hours, per package directions of the Doan's OTC brand (580 mg magnesium salicylate tetrahydrate, equivalent to 934.4 mg anhydrous magnesium salicylate), effective pain relief is often found with a half dosage, with reduced anti-inflammatory results.
4. Indication:  Magnesium salicylate is a common analgesic and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate muscular pain
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pelubiprofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pelubiprofen has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Back Pain.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tea tree oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tea tree oil is an essential oil derived mainly from the Australian native plant Melaleuca alternifolia via steam distillation of the of the leaves and terminal branches [2]. It may be referred to as Melaleuca alternifolia oil. It has been a popular ingredient in a variety of household and cosmetic products due to its antiseptic, broad-spectrum antimicrobial and antioxidant properties [1]. The dermatological use of tea tree oil has been investigated by various studies, where several studies have suggested the uses of this oil for the treatment of acne vulgaris, seborrheic dermatitis, and chronic gingivitis [1]. Terpene hydrocarbons and related alcohols constitute tea tree oil, with terpinen-4-ol being the major antimicrobial component [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for topical use to help protect against infection in minor cuts, scrapes, and burns. No FDA-approved therapeutic indications.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  HGTV-43
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HGTV43 is an anti-sense treatment designed to produce T cells that are genetically resistant to HIV infection. HGTV43 is one of a number of so-called 'gene transfer vectors' developed by the biotechnology company Enzo Biochem, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nicoboxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nicoboxil has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Low Back Pain.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  MUC1 Dendritic Cell Vaccine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dendritic Cell (DC) Therapy is a newly emerging and potent form of immune therapy that amplifies the actions of the body's own immune system to help fight cancer, AIDS and other serious conditions. The Dendritic Cell is an immune cell whose role is the recognition, processing and presentation of foreign antigens to the T-cells to initiate a primary response in the effector arm of the immune system. Dendritic cells not only activate lymphocytes to induce the immune response, but they also minimize autoimmune reactions by downplaying self-antigens to stimulated T-cells. Dendritic Cell Therapy involves the harvesting of blood cells (ie monocytes or macrophages) from a patient and processing them in the laboratory to produce a greater than typical Dendritic Cell concentration. These cells are then given back to a patient as a vaccine in order to allow for a potent immune response to cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and ovarian cancer.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Palmitic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  A common saturated fatty acid found in fats and waxes including olive oil, palm oil, and body lipids. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Perflutren
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perflutren, a diagnostic drug that is intended to be used for contrast enhancement during the indicated echocardiographic procedures, is comprised of lipid-coated microspheres filled with octafluoropropane(OFP) gas. When exposed to ultrasound waves, the microspheres resonate and "echo" strong signals back to the ultrasound machine. The difference in density between the gas-filled bubbles and the blood around them creates an increased level of contrast visible in the resulting ultrasound image. During echocardiography, activated Perflutren enhances images of the inner edges or borders of the heart, producing an improved image that may enable physicians to better diagnose patients.
4. Indication:  Used as an ultrasound contrast imaging in cardiology and radiology.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  OT-551
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OT-551 is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for OT-551, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cataracts, eye disorders/infections, glaucoma, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
