DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cefilavancin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, and staph bacterial infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  ACE393
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACE393 is an injectable vaccine designed to combat the bacterium Campylobacter jejuni, one of the greatest causes of bacterial diarrhoeal infections in the developed world.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diarrhea and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Epetraborole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epetraborole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infections, Bacterial, Infections, Intestinal, Infections, Urinary Tract, and Community-acquired Infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Omadacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lanopepden
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanopepden has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pneumonia, Infections, Bacterial, Skin Diseases, Infectious, and Skin Infections, Bacterial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Latamoxef
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad- spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic similar in structure to the cephalosporins except for the substitution of an oxaazabicyclo moiety for the thiaazabicyclo moiety of certain cephalosporins. It has been proposed especially for the meningitides because it passes the blood-brain barrier and for anaerobic infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Latamoxef is an oxacephem antibiotic usually grouped with the cephalosporins. It is used to treat bacterial infections. Latamoxef is primarily indicated in conditions like Bone and joint infection, GI infections, Gynecological infections, Meningitis, Respiratory tract infections, Septicaemia, Skin infections, Soft tissue infections, UTI. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Gepotidacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gepotidacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gonorrhea, Infections, Bacterial, and Infections, Respiratory Tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cefonicid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft tissue and bone infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  PA mAb
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PA mAb(ABthrax) is a human monoclonal antibody to Bacillus anthracis protective antigen that was discovered and developed by Human Genome Sciences. PA mAb has been shown to be effective in protecting against anthrax in multiple experimental models in animals. A single dose of PA mAb increases survival significantly in both rabbit and nonhuman primate models of inhalational anthrax. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anthrax exposure and bacterial infection.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cefprozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic. It can be used to treat bronchitis, ear infections, skin infections, and other bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  KB001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB001 is a Humaneered™ PEGylated monoclonal antibody fragment for the treatment of life-threatening Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, a common problem of cystic fibrosis and mechanically ventilated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dalfopristin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalfopristin is a combination of two antibiotics (Dalfopristin and quinupristin) used to treat infections by staphylococci and by vancomycin-resistant Enterococcus faecium. It is not effective against Enterococcus faecalis infections. Dalfopristin inhibits the early phase of protein synthesis in the bacterial ribosome and quinupristin inhibits the late phase of protein synthesis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections (usually in combination with quinupristin).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Dirithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dirithromycin is a macrolide glycopeptide antibiotic. It is used to treat many different types of bacterial infections, such as bronchitis, pneumonia, tonsillitis, and even skin infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following mild-to-moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms: acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, secondary bacterial infection of acute bronchitis, community-acquired pneumonia, pharyngitis/tonsilitis, and uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cefazolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephalosporin analog with broad-spectrum antibiotic action due to inhibition of bacterial cell wall synthesis. It attains high serum levels and is excreted quickly via the urine.
4. Indication:  Mainly used to treat bacterial infections of the skin. It can also be used to treat moderately severe bacterial infections involving the lung, bone, joint, stomach, blood, heart valve, and urinary tract. It is clinically effective against infections caused by staphylococci and streptococci species of Gram positive bacteria. May be used for surgical prophylaxis; if required metronidazole may be added to cover B. fragilis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Viomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Viomycin is a member of the tuberactinomycin family, a group of nonribosomal peptide antibiotics exhibiting anti-tuberculosis properties. The tuberactinomycin family is an essential component in the drug cocktail currently used to fight infections of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Viomycin was the first member of the tuberactinomycins to be isolated and identified and was used to treat TB until it was replaced by the less toxic, but structurally related compound, capreomycin. The tuberactinomycins target bacterial ribosomes, binding RNA and disrupting bacterial protein biosynthesis. It is produced by the actinomycete Streptomyces puniceus, that binds to RNA and inhibits prokaryotic protein synthesis and certain forms of RNA splicing. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Viomycin is an essential component in the drug cocktail currently used to fight infections of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Garenoxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Garenoxacin (INN) is a quinolone antibiotic undergoing regulatory review for the treatment of gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Teicoplanin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic. It is a mixture of several compounds, five major (named teicoplanin A2-1 through A2-5) and four minor (named teicoplanin RS-1 through RS-4). All teicoplanins share a same glycopeptide core, termed teicoplanin A3-1, a fused ring structure to which two carbohydrates (mannose and N-acetylglucosamine) are attached. The major and minor components also contain a third carbohydrate moiety, β-D-glucosamine, and differ only by the length and conformation of a side chain attached to it.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cefacetrile
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of 7-aminocephalosporanic acid.
4. Indication:  Cefacetrile is a broad-spectrum first generation cephalosporin antibiotic effective in Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacterial infections.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  REP8839
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REP8839 is a novel methionyl-tRNA synthetase (MetS) inhibitor being developed by Replidyne (GlaxoSmithKline licensed REP8839 to Replidyne in June of 2003).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms (Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA), and Streptococcus pyogenes).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iclaprim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, obesity, liver disease, kidney disease, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin (Penicillin V) is narrow spectrum antibiotic used to treat mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible bacteria. It is a natural penicillin antibiotic that is administered orally. Penicillin V may also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms.Natural penicillins are considered the drugs of choice for several infections caused by susceptible gram positive aerobic organisms, such as Streptococcus pneumoniae, groups A, B, C and G streptococci, nonenterococcal group D streptococci, viridans group streptococci, and non-penicillinase producing staphylococcus. Aminoglycosides may be added for synergy against group B streptococcus (S. agalactiae), S. viridans, and Enterococcus faecalis. The natural penicillins may also be used as first or second line agents against susceptible gram positive aerobic bacilli such as Bacillus anthracis, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae. Natural penicillins have limited activity against gram negative organisms; however, they may be used in some cases to treat infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis and Pasteurella. They are not generally used to treat anaerobic infections. Resistance patterns, susceptibility and treatment guidelines vary across regions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderately severe infections (e.g. dental infection, infections in the heart, middle ear infections, rheumatic fever, scarlet fever, skin infections, upper and lower respiratory tract infections) due to microorganisms.
