DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Exisulind
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adenomatous polyposis coli, lung cancer, prostate cancer, colon polyps, Barrett's esophagus disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Netazepide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Netazepide has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Dyspepsia, Hypergastrinaemia, Barrett's Esophagus, ECL-cell Hyperplasia, and Rebound Hyperacidity, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Aluminium monostearate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminium monostearate is an organic compound which is a salt of stearic acid and aluminium. It has the molecular formula Al(OH)2C18H35O2. It is also referred to as dihydroxyaluminium or dihydroxy(stearato)aluminium.It is used to form gels in the packaging of pharmaceuticals, and in the preparation of colors for cosmetics. It is usually safe in commercial products, but aluminium may accumulate in the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Metoclopramide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2 antagonist that is used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alendronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alendronic acid (alendronate) is a nitrogen-containing, second generation bisphosphonate. Bisphosphonates were first used to treat Paget’s disease in 1971. This class of medications is comprised of inorganic pyrophosphate analogues that contain non-hydrolyzable P-C-P bonds. Similar to other bisphosphonates, alendronate has a high affinity for bone mineral and is taken up during osteoclast resorption. Alendronate inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, one of the enzymes in the mevalonic acid pathway involved in producing isoprenoid compounds that are essential for post-translational modification of small guanosine triphosphate (GTP)-binding proteins, such as Rho, Ras and Rab. Inhibition of this process interferes with osteoclast function and survival. Alendronate is used for the treatment of osteoporosis and Paget’s disease. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dyclonine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dyclonine is an oral anaesthetic found in Sucrets, an over the counter throat lozenge. It is also found in some varieties of the Cepacol sore throat spray.
4. Indication:  Used to provide topical anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes prior to examination, endoscopy or instrumentation, or other procedures involving the esophagus, larynx, mouth, pharynx or throat, respiratory tract or trachea, urinary tract, or vagina. Also used to suppress the gag reflex and/or other laryngeal and esophageal reflexes to facilitate dental examination or procedures (including oral surgery), endoscopy, or intubation. Also used for relief of canker sores, cold sores or fever blister.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lansoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lansoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor which prevents the stomach from producing acid. It is manufactured by TAP Pharmaceutical Products. Lansoprazole has been marketed for many years and is one of several PPI's available.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pantoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor drug used for short-term treatment of erosion and ulceration of the esophagus caused by gastroesophageal reflux disease.
4. Indication:  Short-term (up to 16 weeks) treatment of erosive esophagitis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Rabeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rabeprazole is an antiulcer drug in the class of proton pump inhibitors. It is a prodrug - in the acid environment of the parietal cells it turns into active sulphenamide form. Rabeprazole inhibits the H+, K+ATPase of the coating gastric cells and dose-dependent oppresses basal and stimulated gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Benzocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A surface anesthetic that acts by preventing transmission of impulses along nerve fibers and at nerve endings. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For general use as a lubricant and topical anesthetic on esophagus, larynx, mouth, nasal cavity, rectum, respiratory tract or trachea, urinary tract, vagina. It is also used to suppress gag reflex.
