DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Procyclidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that crosses the blood-brain barrier and is used in the treatment of drug-induced extrapyramidal disorders and in parkinsonism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all forms of Parkinson's Disease, as well as control of extrapyramidal reactions induced by antipsychotic agents.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ethopropazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethopropazine (also known as profenamine hydrochloride) is a medication derived from phenothiazine. It is primarily used as an antidyskinetic to treat parkinsonism. It is sold under the trade names Parsidol in the United States and Parsidan in Canada.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and also used to control severe reactions to certain medicines such as reserpine.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorders like chorea in Huntington's disease, hemiballismus, senile chorea, Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders, and tardive dyskinesia 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Orphenadrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to treat drug-induced parkinsonism and to relieve pain from muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Betazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H2 agonist used clinically to test gastric secretory function. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use clinically to test gastric secretory function.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tetraethylammonium
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Tetraethylammonium is an experimental drug with no approved indication or marketed formulation. The only marketed drug containing tetraethylammonium was a combination drug called Fosglutamina B6, but this drug has now been discontinued. As an experimental agent, tetraethylammonium is used in its salt forms such as tetraethylammonium chloride and tetraethylammonium bromide. Its mechanism of action is still being investigated, but it is known that tetraethylammonium blocks autonomic ganglia, calcium- and voltage- activated potassium channels, and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Because of its inhibitory actions at the autonomic ganglia, tetraethylammonium was thought to be a potential therapeutic vasodilator but serious toxic effects were found. The most common use of tetraethylammonium presently is as a pharmacological research agent that blocks selective potassium channels. Structurally, tetraethylammonium is positively charged due to its central quaternary ammonium.
4. Indication:  Tetraethylammonium is an experimental drug with no approved indication.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  AP-1034
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AP-1034 utilizes Antares Pharma's proprietary advanced transdermal delivery (ATD(TM)) gel technology designed to allow delivery of active substances across the skin. The oxybutynin formulation is a cosmetic quality, clear and odorless gel designed to be rapidly absorbed through the skin following once-a-day application on the abdomen, shoulders or thighs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vismodegib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vismodegib inhibits the hedgehog signalling pathway and is indicated for treatment of adult basal cell carcinoma. FDA approved on Jan 30, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Vismodegib is used for treating locally advanced or metastatic basal cell carcinoma in patients whose carcinoma has recurred after surgery, and in patients who are not candidates for surgery or radiation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  AT1391
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT1391 is a daily insulin skin patch designed to provide continuous basal levels of insulin for patients with diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  NVP-LEQ-506
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LEQ506 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors, Recurrent or Refractory Medulloblastoma, and Locally Advanced or Metastatic Basal Cell Carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Imiquimod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts as a toll-like receptor 7 agonist. Imiquimod is commonly used topically to treat warts on the skin of the genital and anal areas. Imiquimod does not cure warts, and new warts may appear during treatment. Imiquimod does not fight the viruses that cause warts directly, however, it does help to relieve and control wart production. Miquimod is also used to treat a skin condition of the face and scalp called actinic keratoses and certain types of skin cancer called superficial basal cell carcinoma.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of clinically typical, nonhyperkeratotic, nonhypertrophic actinic keratoses on the face or scalp in immunocompetent adults. Also indicated for the treatment of external genital and perianal warts/condyloma acuminata in individuals 12 years old and above.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Oxyphencyclimine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxyphencyclimine is an anticholinergic drug (trade name Daricon) used in treating peptic ulcers.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and the relief of smooth muscle spasms in gastrointestinal disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Acetylcholine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neurotransmitter. Acetylcholine in vertebrates is the major transmitter at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. It is generally not used as an administered drug because it is broken down very rapidly by cholinesterases, but it is useful in some ophthalmological applications. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to obtain miosis of the iris in seconds after delivery of the lens in cataract surgery, in penetrating keratoplasty, iridectomy and other anterior segment surgery where rapid miosis may be required.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  KB002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB002 is an engineered human IgG1k antibody engineered human. It is developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, initially rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tridihexethyl
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tridihexethyl is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. Tridihexethyl is an antimuscarinic, anticholinergic drug. Tridihexethyl is no longer available in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and in Acquired nystagmus
