DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Carbetocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbetocin is a drug used to control postpartum hemorrhage, bleeding after giving birth. It is an analogue of oxytocin, and its action is similar to that of oxytocin -- it causes contraction of the uterus.
4. Indication:  Used to control postpartum hemorrhage and bleeding after giving birth.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Molybdenum Cofactor
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Absence of molybdenum cofactor leads to accumulation of toxic levels of sulphite and neurological damage usually leading to death within months of birth, due to the lack of active sulfite oxidase.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nomegestrol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nomegestrol acetate, abbreviated as NOMAC and sold under the brand names Lutenyl and Zoely among others, is a progestin medication which is used in birth control pills, menopausal hormone therapy, and for the treatment of gynecological disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  RI 624
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RI 624 is a novel humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks nerve growth factor (NGF), a key mediator of acute and chronic pain. RI 624 is being developed by Rinat and is currently in Phase I clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alprostadil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alprostadil is produced endogenously and causes vasodilation by means of a direct effect on vascular and ductus arteriosus (DA) smooth muscle, preventing or reversing the functional closure of the DA that occurs shortly after birth. This results in increased pulmonary or systemic blood flow in infants. In infants, it is used for palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. In adults, it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
4. Indication:  For palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. Also for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Vismodegib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vismodegib inhibits the hedgehog signalling pathway and is indicated for treatment of adult basal cell carcinoma. FDA approved on Jan 30, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Vismodegib is used for treating locally advanced or metastatic basal cell carcinoma in patients whose carcinoma has recurred after surgery, and in patients who are not candidates for surgery or radiation.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ginsenoside Rb1
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of ginseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rb1 appears to be most abundant in Panax quinquefolius (American Ginseng). Rb1 seems to affect the reproductive system in animal testicles. Recent research shows that Rb1 affects rat embryo development and has teratogenic effects, causing birth defects. Another study shows that Rb1 may increase testosterone production in male rats indirectly through the stimulation of the luteinizing hormone. Traditional Chinese medicine asserts that Panax quinquefolius promotes yin in the body. It also inhibits chemoinvasion and angiogenesis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Atosiban
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Atosiban is an inhibitor of the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin. It is used as an intravenous medication as a labour repressant (tocolytic) to halt premature labor. Although initial studies suggested it could be used as a nasal spray and hence would not require hospital admission, it is not used in that form. It was developed by Ferring Pharmaceuticals in Sweden and first reported in the literature in 1985. Originally marketed by Ferring Pharmaceuticals, it is licensed in proprietary and generic forms for the delay of imminent pre-term birth in pregnant adult women.
4. Indication:  Not Available
