DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Bumetanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sulfamyl diuretic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease including the nephrotic syndrome.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  F-Loop of Vitamin B12
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trichlormethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Rotigotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998, Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights for rotigotine to the German pharmaceutical company Schwarz Pharma (today a subsidiary of the Belgian company UCB S.A.). The drug has been approved by the EMEA for use in Europe in 2006 and is today being sold in several European countries. In 2007, the Neupro patch was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first transdermal treatment of Parkinson's disease in the United States. However, as of 2008, Schwarz Pharma has recalled all Neupro patches in the United States and some in Europe because of problems with the delivery mechanism. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in neurologic disorders and parkinson's disease as well as moderate-to-severe primary Restless Legs Syndrome.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Torasemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Torasemide (rINN) or torsemide (USAN) is a pyridine-sulfonylurea type loop diuretic mainly used in the management of edema associated with congestive heart failure. It is also used at low doses for the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the brand name Demadex. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, renal disease, or hepatic disease. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  OBE101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OBE101 is a new weight loss drug developed by Obecure Ltd. It is a new formulation that is based on the vertigo medication, Betahistine. Obecure is repurposing betahistine, which is an H1 receptor agonist and partial H3 receptor antagonist for the treatment of obese individuals and for other weight management indications. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (drug), hyperlipidemia, and obesity.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cyclopenthiazide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Cyclopenthiazide is a thiazide diuretic with antihypertensive properties. In a double blind, randomized crossover study, cyclopenthiazide was effective in reducing diastolic blood pressure in mildly hypertensive non-insulin dependent diabetic patients [2]. It is a positive allosteric modulator at AMPA-A receptors [3].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  LCB01-0371
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lcb01 0371 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01554995 (A Clinical Study, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Single Dose Study).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Etacrynic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A compound that inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. This compound has been classified as a loop or high ceiling diuretic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and edema caused by diseases like congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tasimelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tasimelteon is a selective dual melatonin receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD). Occurring commonly in blind individuals without light perception, this condition is often characterized by periods of night-time insomnia and day-time sleepiness. In blind individuals, a lack of light stimulation causes an extension of the 24-hour circadian cycle and can lead to progressively delayed sleep onset. By activating melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, tasimelteon has been shown to improve sleep by resynchronizing the circadian rhythm through its "non-photic" mechanism. Tasimelteon is currently the only drug available for the treatment of N24HSWD and was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in 2010.
4. Indication:  Tasimelteon is indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Azosemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Azosemide is a loop diuretic used to treat hypertension, edema, and ascites.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Etozoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etozoline (Diulozin, Elkapin, Etopinil) is a loop diuretic used in Europe.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Arbutamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Arbutamine, administered through a closed-loop, computer-controlled drug-delivery system, is indicated to elicit acute cardiovascular responses, similar to those produced by exercise, in order to aid in diagnosing the presence or absence of coronary artery disease in patients who cannot exercise adequately .
4. Indication:  Used to elicit acute cardiovascular responses (cardiac stumulant), similar to those produced by exercise, in order to aid in diagnosing the presence or absence of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients who cannot exercise adequately.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Piretanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Piretanide (INN, trade names Arelix, Eurelix, Tauliz) has been synthesized in 1973 at Hoechst AG (Germany) as a loop diuretic compound by using a then-new method for introducing cyclic amine residues in an aromatic nucleus in the presence of other aromatically bonded functional groups.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Oxitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  5-Hydroxytryptophan (5-HTP), also known as oxitriptan (INN), is a naturally occurring amino acid and chemical precursor as well as a metabolic intermediate in the biosynthesis of the neurotransmitters serotonin and melatonin from tryptophan. 5-HTP is sold over-the-counter in the United Kingdom, United States and Canada as a dietary supplement for use as an antidepressant, appetite suppressant, and sleep aid, and is also marketed in many European countries for the indication of major depression under trade names like Cincofarm, Levothym, Levotonine, Oxyfan, Telesol, Tript-OH, and Triptum. Several double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials have demonstrated the effectiveness of 5-HTP in the treatment of depression, though a lack of high quality studies has been noted. More and larger studies are needed to determine if 5-HTP is truly effective in treating depression.
4. Indication:  For use as an antidepressant, appetite suppressant, and sleep aid.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Domiphen
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Domiphen bromide is a topical antiseptic and a quaternary ammonium compound.
4. Indication:  Anti-infective (topical), it is used for the treatment of Acute Infectious Dental Diseases and other conditions.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Plitidepsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aplidine is a compound found in tunicates which shows promise in shrinking tumors in pancreatic, stomach, bladder, and prostate cancers. The specific marine organism is Aplidium albicans. Aplidine consists of peptide molecules. In addition to the cancers mentioned above it is also under consideration as a treatment for some types of leukemia. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of various forms of cancer.
