DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Thrombomodulin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thrombomodulin Alfa is a novel, recombinant and soluble thrombomodulin (ART-123). It is a human protein with both thrombin inhibiting and protein C stimulating activities, for the potential treatment of thromboembolism and blood clotting disorders, such as disseminated intravascular thromboembolism. [5]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood preservative, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), sepsis and septicemia, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  LM-609
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LM-609 (Vitaxin) is an artificial antibody that targets a protein on the surface of newly forming blood vessels, as well as on certain tumors. In addition to cancer, the protein has been implicated in bone destruction in rheumatoid arthritis and the inflammatory process in psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, rheumatoid arthritis, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  EP-2104R
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EP-2104R is an imaging pharmaceutical under development for the detection of blood clots. It is the first targeted high-resolution technique designed to visualize blood clots directly. It is being developed by EPIX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Hemoglobin raffimer
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Galiximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Galiximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  EG004
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EG004 is a novel product consisting of a local delivery device and a gene-based medicine, being developed to prevent the blocking of veins and arteries that frequently occurs after vascular surgery. The initial target market is haemodialysis graft access surgery, a procedure in which patients whose kidneys have failed have a plastic tube grafted between blood vessels generally in their forearm so that their blood can be regularly filtered using a dialysis machine. EG004 has completed a Phase II trial, this being the first part of the Phase II/III study for which it has received approval from the US Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and kidney disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  MM-093
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  MYO-029
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MYO-029 is a human anti-GDF-8 monoclonal antibody, which is being developed to treat muscle-wasting diseases including muscular dystrophy and age-related sarcopenia. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in muscular dystrophy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  AX200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and strokes.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Plasma protein fraction (human)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sterile, pyrogen free, frozen solution of solvent/detergent (S/D) treated pooled human plasma. The active ingredient comprises plasma proteins such as albumin, immunoglobulins, other globulins, coagulation factors, complement proteins and protease inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Hemoglobin crosfumaril
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Hemoglobin in which the alpha-subunit are cross-linked intramolecularly.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Protein C
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Also known as blood coagulation factor XIV, Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of Protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation with thrombosis. Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceptrotin, which is indicated foruse in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
4. Indication:  Protein C Concentrate is indicated for pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Drotrecogin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond. Drotrecogin alfa was withdrawn from the market after a major study indicated that it was not effective in improving outcomes in patients with sepsis. 
4. Indication:  For reduction of mortality in patients with severe sepsis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells consist of hematopoietic progenitor cells, monocytes, lymphocytes, and granulocytes from human cord blood. They are used during allogeneic unrelated and related hematopoietic stem cell transplantation procedures in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment. Human umbilical cord is a rich source of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells that are capable of proliferation in vitro. Active and viable hematopoietic progenitor cells, or hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) express the cell surface marker CD34 which is critical for cell identification [1]. Upon division and maturation at the bone marrow following intravenous administration to the patient, hematopoietic progenitor cells enter the systemic circulation to restore blood counts and function [FDA Label].After the first cord blood transplant in 1988 in a patient with Fanconi anemia [3], the use of umbilical cord blood transplantation was increased in clinical settings. Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells can be collected from both related or unrelated donors. The unrelated donor transplant setting has several advantages over related donor transplant and bone marrow transplantation; it allows shorter time to transplant and tolerance of 1–2 human leukocyte antigen mismatch due to expanded donor pool, which increases the chance of finding a suitable donor, particularly in patients requiring urgent transplantation [2]. Other advantages of HSC transplantation include a lower risk of transmitting infections by latent viruses and improved targeting of ethnic minorities increased pool of rare haplotypes [2]. Umbilical cord blood cell transplantation was also associated with reduced incidence and severity of graft versus host disease (GVHD) thus improved survival rates of transplant patients compared to allogeneic bone marrow transplant setting, which may be due to "naive" nature of lymphocytes [4]. Hemacord is marketed in the U.S. as an allogeneic cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell therapy for intravenous use.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in unrelated donor hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation procedures in conjunction with an appropriate preparative regimen for hematopoietic and immunologic reconstitution in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  AdPEDF
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AdPEDF is under development for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD). It has been shown to rapidly elevate the intraocular AdPEDF protein levels in the eye, inhibit abnormal blood vessel growth, and cause abnormal blood vessels to regress while protecting the eye’s photoreceptors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Gadofosveset trisodium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadofosveset trisodium is an intravenous contrast agent used with magnetic resonance angiography(MRA), which is a non-invasive way of imaging blood vessels. The agent allows for the vascular system to be imaged more clearly by the MRA. In this way, gadofosveset trisodium is used to help diagnose certain disorders of the heart and blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Gadofosveset trisodium is indicated for use as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) to evaluate aortoiliac occlusive disease (AIOD) in adults with known or suspected peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  IRX-5183
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Alfimeprase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alfimeprase is a recombinant analog of fibrolase. Fibrolase is a zinc-containing metalloproteinase isolated from the venom of the southern copperhead snake (Agkistrodon contortrix contortrix). It is a small protein that contains 203 residues (Randolph et al. 1992). Alfimeprase is being developed by Nuvelo.
4. Indication:  Alfimeprase is being evaluated as a potential treatment for acute ischemic stroke, catheter occlusion (CO) and acute peripheral arterial occlusion (PAO).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tafamidis
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tafamidis is a novel specific transthyretin (TTR) stabilizer or dissociation inhibitor. TTR is a tetramer that is responsible in transporting the retinol-binding protein-vitamin A complex and minimally transporting thyroxine in the blood. In TTR-related disorders such as transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP), tetramer dissociation is accelerated that results in unregulated amyloidogenesis and amyloid fibril formation. Eventually the failure of autonomic and peripheral nervous system is induced. Tafamidis was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2011 under the market name Vyndaqel for the treatment of transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP) in adult patients with early-stage symptomatic polyneuropathy to delay peripheral neurologic impairment. Tafamidis is an investigational drug under the FDA and in June 2017, Pfizer received FDA Fast Track Designation for tafamidis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
