DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AVI-4020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is a radioactive medication used to treat pain caused by cancer that has spread to the bone. It is a radiopharmaceutical. Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive agents that may be used to diagnose some diseases by studying the function of the body's organs or to treat certain diseases.Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is used to help relieve the bone pain that may occur with certain kinds of cancer. The radioactive samarium is taken up in the bone cancer area and gives off radiation that helps provide relief of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Domiphen
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Domiphen bromide is a topical antiseptic and a quaternary ammonium compound.
4. Indication:  Anti-infective (topical), it is used for the treatment of Acute Infectious Dental Diseases and other conditions.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Radezolid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abscess, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Streptococcal Infections, Infectious Skin Diseases, and Staphylococcal Skin Infections, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pamidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pamidronic acid (INN) or pamidronate disodium (USAN), marketed as pamidronate disodium pentahydrate under the brand name Aredia, is a bisphosphonate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate or severe hypercalcemia associated with malignancy
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tesidolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lanopepden
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanopepden has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pneumonia, Infections, Bacterial, Skin Diseases, Infectious, and Skin Infections, Bacterial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Mesenchymal Stem Cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from healthy donors improve cardiac function in experimental acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models. Osiris' stem cells are derived from human bone marrow. The source marrow is voluntarily donated by healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 30 years. Blood samples from the donor are screened prior to donation for transmissible diseases, including HIV and hepatitis, and the medical and social history of each donor is obtained to ascertain whether signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with high risk for carrying a disease are present.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alendronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alendronic acid (alendronate) is a nitrogen-containing, second generation bisphosphonate. Bisphosphonates were first used to treat Paget’s disease in 1971. This class of medications is comprised of inorganic pyrophosphate analogues that contain non-hydrolyzable P-C-P bonds. Similar to other bisphosphonates, alendronate has a high affinity for bone mineral and is taken up during osteoclast resorption. Alendronate inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, one of the enzymes in the mevalonic acid pathway involved in producing isoprenoid compounds that are essential for post-translational modification of small guanosine triphosphate (GTP)-binding proteins, such as Rho, Ras and Rab. Inhibition of this process interferes with osteoclast function and survival. Alendronate is used for the treatment of osteoporosis and Paget’s disease. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  HE3286
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and type 2 diabetes.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Andrographolide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HMPL-004 is a botanical product extracted from a herb that occurs naturally in China. The herb has an extensive history of use in TCM for the treatment of upper respiratory tract infections and other inflammatory and infectious diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Roquinimex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Roquinimex (Linomide) is a quinoline derivative immunostimulant which increases NK cell activity and macrophage cytotoxicity. It also inhibits angiogenesis and reduces the secretion of TNF alpha.
4. Indication:  Investigated as a treatment for some cancers (including as adjuvant therapy after bone marrow transplantation in acute leukemia) and autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and recent-onset type I diabetes.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Boceprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Boceprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [7]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Boceprevir. Boceprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [5]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Boceprevir is still effective against HCV when paired with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) do not reccomend Boceprevir in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b as first line therapy for Hepatitis C [5]. Boceprevir, Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6].Boceprevir is available as a fixed dose product (tradename Victrelis) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in May 2011 by the FDA, Victrelis is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1 in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b [FDA Label]. Victrelis is no longer widely used as interferon-free therapies have been developed.
4. Indication:  Boceprevir, when used in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for use in the treatment of chronic HCV genotype 1 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
