DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is a radioactive medication used to treat pain caused by cancer that has spread to the bone. It is a radiopharmaceutical. Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive agents that may be used to diagnose some diseases by studying the function of the body's organs or to treat certain diseases.Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is used to help relieve the bone pain that may occur with certain kinds of cancer. The radioactive samarium is taken up in the bone cancer area and gives off radiation that helps provide relief of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cortisone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein transcortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid-binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pamidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pamidronic acid (INN) or pamidronate disodium (USAN), marketed as pamidronate disodium pentahydrate under the brand name Aredia, is a bisphosphonate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate or severe hypercalcemia associated with malignancy
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mesenchymal Stem Cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from healthy donors improve cardiac function in experimental acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models. Osiris' stem cells are derived from human bone marrow. The source marrow is voluntarily donated by healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 30 years. Blood samples from the donor are screened prior to donation for transmissible diseases, including HIV and hepatitis, and the medical and social history of each donor is obtained to ascertain whether signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with high risk for carrying a disease are present.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alendronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alendronic acid (alendronate) is a nitrogen-containing, second generation bisphosphonate. Bisphosphonates were first used to treat Paget’s disease in 1971. This class of medications is comprised of inorganic pyrophosphate analogues that contain non-hydrolyzable P-C-P bonds. Similar to other bisphosphonates, alendronate has a high affinity for bone mineral and is taken up during osteoclast resorption. Alendronate inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, one of the enzymes in the mevalonic acid pathway involved in producing isoprenoid compounds that are essential for post-translational modification of small guanosine triphosphate (GTP)-binding proteins, such as Rho, Ras and Rab. Inhibition of this process interferes with osteoclast function and survival. Alendronate is used for the treatment of osteoporosis and Paget’s disease. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Abemaciclib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abemaciclib is an antitumor agent and dual inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6) that are involved in the cell cycle and promotion of cancer cell growth in case of unregulated activity. On September 28, 2017, FDA granted approval of abemaciclib treatment under the market name Verzenio for the treatment of HR-positive and HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after unsuccessful endocrine therapy. It is either given alone in patients who has undergone endocrine therapy and chemotherapy after the metastasis of cancer, or in combination with Fulvestrant. Following oral treatment in patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer, abemaciclib demonstrated increased progression-free survival rates and objective response rates. Abemaciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of melanoma, lymphoma, neoplasm, solid tumor, and glioblastoma.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of women with hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy. Inidicated as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy and prior chemotherapy in the metastatic setting. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Toremifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A first generation nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is structurally related to tamoxifen. Like tamoxifen, it is an estrogen agonist for bone tissue and cholesterol metabolism but is antagonistic on mammary and uterine tissue. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive or receptor-unknown tumors. Toremifene is currently under investigation as a preventative agent for prostate cancer in men with high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia and no evidence of prostate cancer.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Roquinimex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Roquinimex (Linomide) is a quinoline derivative immunostimulant which increases NK cell activity and macrophage cytotoxicity. It also inhibits angiogenesis and reduces the secretion of TNF alpha.
4. Indication:  Investigated as a treatment for some cancers (including as adjuvant therapy after bone marrow transplantation in acute leukemia) and autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and recent-onset type I diabetes.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Strontium malonate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium malonate is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nilutamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilutamide is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Nilutamide is a pure, nonsteroidal anti-androgen with affinity for androgen receptors (but not for progestogen, estrogen, or glucocorticoid receptors). Consequently, Nilutamide blocks the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin that stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue. Prostate cancer is mostly androgen-dependent and can be treated with surgical or chemical castration. To date, antiandrogen monotherapy has not consistently been shown to be equivalent to castration.
4. Indication:  For use in combination with surgical castration for the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer involving distant lymph nodes, bone, or visceral organs (Stage D2).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tamoxifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM) with tissue-specific activities for the treatment and prevention of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. Tamoxifen acts as an anti-estrogen (inhibiting agent) in the mammary tissue, but as an estrogen (stimulating agent) in cholesterol metabolism, bone density, and cell proliferation in the endometrium.
4. Indication:  Tamoxifen is indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in women and men and ductal carcinoma in Situ. 
