DrugId:  1
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Strontium malonate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium malonate is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Copanlisib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copanlisib is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. Copanlisib was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name Aliqopa for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is copanlisib dihydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AP1903
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Diloxanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diloxanide furoate is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.
4. Indication:  Diloxanide is used alone as a primary agent in the treatment of asymptomatic (cyst passers) intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica. Diloxanide may also be used concurrently, or sequentially, with other agents such as the nitroimidazoles (eg. metronidazole) in the treatment of invasive or extraintestinal forms of amebiasis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Repifermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant, ulcers, and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is a radioactive medication used to treat pain caused by cancer that has spread to the bone. It is a radiopharmaceutical. Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive agents that may be used to diagnose some diseases by studying the function of the body's organs or to treat certain diseases.Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is used to help relieve the bone pain that may occur with certain kinds of cancer. The radioactive samarium is taken up in the bone cancer area and gives off radiation that helps provide relief of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Strontium chloride Sr-89
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (Sr-89), initially FDA-approved in 1993, is used as a paliative therapeutic option to help relieve the pain from bone metastases. Strontium chloride is mainly used in cases of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.[9] Bone metastases is a common and severe complication presented in advanced stages of the disease. It is usually presented mainly in patients with prostatic and breast cancer, as well as in cancer of lung, bladder and thyroid. There has been some cases of apparent tumor regression which has given it a potential tumoricidal effect.[8]
4. Indication:  Strontium-89 Chloride Injection is indicated as a paliative for the relief of bone pain in patients with skeletal metastases. It is impotant to confirm the presence of bone metastases prior the beginning of therapy.[9]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  DOTMP HO-166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DOTMP HO-166 is used in skeletal targeted radiotherapy (STR). SRT is designed to be used in combination with high-dose chemotherapy producing a direct therapeutic effect on the tumor sites in the bone plus a general bone-marrow effect to destroy myeloma cells in the bone marrow. It is an experimental therapy that is being developed by NeoRx Corporation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam pentasodium
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pamidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pamidronic acid (INN) or pamidronate disodium (USAN), marketed as pamidronate disodium pentahydrate under the brand name Aredia, is a bisphosphonate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate or severe hypercalcemia associated with malignancy
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride is a radiopharmaceutical containing the radioisotope radium-223 that emits short range but high linear energy alpha particles. As a cation, radium mimics calicum and binds to hydroxyapatite, which is a bone mineral found in areas of high bone turnover as seen in bone metastases. It was first approved by the FDA in May 2013 and is currently marketed under the brand name Xofigo, which was formerly called Alpharadin. Xofigo is indicated in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant. The FDA label includes a warning that Radium Ra 223 Dichloride should not be used in women who are pregnant or may become pregnant due to the high risk of fetal harm.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Teriparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Teriparatide (recombinant human parathyroid hormone) is a potent anabolic agent used in the treatment of osteoporosis. It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteoporosis in men and postmenopausal women who are at high risk for having a fracture. Also used to increase bone mass in men with primary or hypogonadal osteoporosis who are at high risk for fracture.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Gallium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gallium nitrate is a drug that is used to treat hyper-calcemia, or too much calcium in the blood. This condition may occur when individuals develop various types of cancer. Gallium nitrate is also known by the common brand name Ganite.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia. Also intended for the treatment of non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
