DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tilmicosin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic. It is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease and ovine respiratory disease associated with Mannheimia haemolytica.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Aprotinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aprotinin, also known as bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor, BPTI (Trasylol, Bayer) is a protein, that is used as medication administered by injection to reduce bleeding during complex surgery, such as heart and liver surgery. Its main effect is the slowing down of fibrinolysis, the process that leads to the breakdown of blood clots. The aim in its use is to decrease the need for blood transfusions during surgery, as well as end-organ damage due to hypotension (low blood pressure) as a result of marked blood loss. The drug was temporarily withdrawn worldwide in 2007 after studies suggested that its use increased the risk of complications or death; after this was confirmed by follow-up studies, Trasylol was entirely and permanently withdrawn in May 2008, except - at least for the time being - for very restricted research use. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prophylactic use to reduce perioperative blood loss and the need for blood transfusion in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass in the course of coronary artery bypass graft surgery who are at an increased risk for blood loss and blood transfusion.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Fenoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Mequitazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hay fever, urticaria (hives) and allergic rhinitis
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Asvasiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  CHF-1512
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF1512 is a methyl-ester of levodopa (LDME), melevodopa, combined with the decarboxylase inhibitor carbidopa.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Beef
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Motavizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tiopronin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiopronin is a prescription thiol drug used primarily in the treatment of severe homozygous cystinuria. Patients with cystinuria excrete high levels of cystine in their urine and are at risk for kidney stone formation. Tiopronin is used as a second-line therapy to control the rate of cystine precipitation and excretion, and prevent kidney stone formation. It is used after a failure of the non-pharmacological first line treatment consisting of increased fluid intake, restriction of sodium and protein, and urinary alkalinization. As cystinuria is a relatively rare disease, tiopronin is classified as an orphan drug and is not patented in the United States. It is similar to d-penicillamine in use and efficacy, but offers the advantage of far less adverse effects. Tiopronin is dosed on an individual basis using close monitoring of urinary cystine concentrations and urinary output.Tiopronin may also be used to bind metal nanoparticles in Wilson's disease, which is an overload of copper in the body. It has been investigated for use in the treatment of arthritis and as a neuroprotective agent in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
4. Indication:  Tiopronin is indicated for the prevention of kidney stone formation in patients with severe homozygous cystinuria consisting of a urinary cystine concentration greater than 500 mg/day, and who have failed treatment with non-pharmacological measures of increased fluid intake, decreased sodium and protein intake, and urine alkalinization.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  BTA9881
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA9881 is a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antiviral drug developed by the Australian company Biota Holdings. It is currently in phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Certolizumab pegol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Certolizumab pegol is a recombinant Fab' antibody fragment against tumor necrosis factor alpha which is conjugated to an approximately 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG2MAL40K). Polyethylene glycol helps to delay the metabolism and elimination of the drugs. Chemically, the light chain is made up of 214 amino acid residues while the heavy chain is composed of 229 amino acid residues. The molecular mass of the Fab' antibody fragment itself is 47.8 kDa. It is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease. FDA approved on April 22, 2008
4. Indication:  Reducing signs and symptoms of Crohn's disease and treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA). 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Von Willebrand Factor Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[1] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[8]
4. Indication:  The vWF and Factor VIII complex is indicated for the prevention of excessive bleeding during and after minor and major surgery in adult and pediatric von Willebrand disease patients. It is also indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes.[9] The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[10]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  GSK159797
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK159797 ('797) is an inhaled, longer-acting Beta2 agonist developed for the treatment of respiratory disease such as asthma and COPD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ipecacuanha
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Ipecacuanha was first discovered in Brazil in the 1600s. It is derived from the plant Cephaelis ipecacuanha and is known to releases 5-hydroxytryptamin to induce nausea and vomiting. Although it is not currently used in clinical practice, ipecacuanha was used to treat flux (dysentery).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Almitrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A respiratory stimulant that enhances respiration by acting as an agonist of peripheral chemoreceptors located on the carotid bodies. The drug increases arterial oxygen tension while decreasing arterial carbon dioxide tension in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It may also prove useful in the treatment of nocturnal oxygen desaturation without impairing the quality of sleep. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Doxapram
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A central respiratory stimulant with a brief duration of action. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p1225)
4. Indication:  For use as a temporary measure in hospitalized patients with acute respiratory insufficiency superimposed on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
