DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rubella virus vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rubella virus vaccine is a live attenuated virus vaccine for active immunization against rubella (German measles) that is subcutaneously administered. It is prepared from RA 27/3 strain of live attenuated rubella virus. Rubella is a common childhood disease, caused by rubella virus (togavirus).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mumps virus strain b level jeryl lynn live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mumps virus strain b level jeryl lynn live antigen is a live attenuated virus vaccine for subcutenous injection. It is an active immunization against mumps, which is a common childhood disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is an active immunization against disease caused by influenza virus subtypes A and type B for intramuscular injection. The vaccine is prepared from influenza virus propagated in the allantoic fluid of embryonated chicken eggs where the virus is purified and inactivated by formaldehyde.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Active immunization against hepatitis B virus infection.The vaccine will not protect against infection caused by hepatitis A and non-A non-B hepatitis viruses. As hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence of hepatitis B infection or carrier state, it can be expected that hepatitis D will also be prevented by vaccination with hepatitis B virus vaccine.The vaccine can be administered at any age from birth onwards. It may be used to start a primary course of vaccination or as a booster dose. It may also be used to complete a primary course of vaccination started with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines or as a booster dose in subjects who have previously received a primary course of vaccination with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines.In areas of low prevalence of hepatitis B, vaccination is strongly recommended in subjects who are at increased risk of infection. These include the following groups:Health professionals: physicians and surgeons; oral surgeons and dentists; nurses, dental nurses, dental hygienists, podiatrists; IV teams and operating room personnel; paramedical personnel in close contact with patients; staff in hemodialysis, nephrology, hepatology, hematology and oncology units; laboratory personnel handling blood and other clinical specimens; blood bank and plasma fractionation workers; pathologists and morgue attendants; cleaning staff who handle waste in hospitals; emergency and first aid workers; ambulance staff; dental, medical and nursing students.Patients: patients receiving frequent blood transfusion or clotting factor concentrates, such as those in oncology units and those with thalassemia, sickle-cell anemia, cirrhosis, hemophilia, etc.; patients on hemodialysis; patients with type 2 diabetes.Personnel and residents of institutions: persons with frequent and/or close contacts with high-risk groups; prisoners and prison staff; residents and staff of institutions for the developmentally challenged (those who are in contact with aggressive biting residents being at highest risk).Persons at increased risk due to their sexual practices: males having sexual contact with other males; others with multiple sexual partners or with a recent history of sexually transmitted disease.Persons who use injectable drugs illicitly.Travellers to areas of high endemicity and their close contacts.Household contacts of any of the above groups and of patients with acute or chronic hepatitis B infection.Infants born of HBsAg-positive mothers.Chronic Liver Disease (CLD): subjects with chronic liver disease; subjects at risk of developing CLD (e.g. Hepatitis C virus carriers, persons who abuse alcohol).Others: police; fire fighters; armed forces personnel; morticians and embalmers; those who through their work or personal lifestyle may be exposed to the hepatitis B virus.In areas of both low and high prevalence, vaccination should be offered to all young children and neonates at risk, as well as to adult high risk groups.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen is a live virus vaccine for simultaneous vaccination against measles, which is a common childhood disease. The vaccine is prepared from the attenuated line of measles virus, derived from Enders' attenuated Edmonston strain and propagated in chick embryo cell culture.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  BTA9881
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA9881 is a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antiviral drug developed by the Australian company Biota Holdings. It is currently in phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  AVI-4020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  ISIS 14803
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ISIS 14803 is a 20-unit antisense phosphorothioate oligodeoxynucleotide that binds to hepatitis C virus (HCV) RNA at the translation initiation region of the internal ribosome entry site (IRES) and inhibits protein expression in cell culture.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tilmicosin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic. It is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease and ovine respiratory disease associated with Mannheimia haemolytica.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Asvasiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B), liver transplant surgery, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  XTL-6865
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XTL-6865 is a combination of two fully human monoclonal antibodies (Ab68 and Ab65) against the hepatitis C virus E2 envelope protein. It is being developed to prevent HCV re-infection following a liver transplant and for the treatment of chronic HCV disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Bictegravir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bictegravir is a recently approved investigational drug that has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 and HIV-2 infection. It has been approved for HIV-1 monotherapy combined with 2 other antiretrovirals in a single tablet.
4. Indication:  Bictegravir is indicated in the management of HIV-1 infection in patients not previously treated with antiretroviral therapy. Additionally, Bictegravir is indicated in the management of HIV-1 infection in patients who are virologically suppressed (HIV-1 RNA <50 c/mL) on a regular antiretroviral regimen for a minimum of three months without a history of failure in treatment and no known factors associated with the resistance to the individual components of the medication. It is used in combination with tenofovir and emtricitabine [3, 4].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Etravirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infections resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Hepatitis A Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Two types of HAV vaccines are currently available internationally:1. Formaldehyde-inactivated vaccines: Inactivated HAV vaccines are used in most countries. Monovalent inactivated HAV vaccines are available in paediatric dose (0.5 ml) for children aged 1 year to 15 years, and in adult dose (1 ml).2. Live attenuated vaccines (based on H2 or LA-1 HAV strains): These vaccines are manufactured and used mainly in China and India. Inactivated hepatitis A vaccines are safe and highly effective. Traditionally, a two-dose schedule is recommended, particularly in travellers at substantial risk of contracting hepatitis A and in immunocompromised individuals. However, in healthy individuals, comparable effectiveness has been achieved with a single dose. The Chinese live attenuated hepatitis A vaccines have been shown to be safe and highly protective (95%) against clinical infection for at least 3 years.Among the adverse effects from Hepatitis A vaccine injection are fatigue, fever > 99.5°F (37.5°C), induration, redness, and swelling of the injection site and malaise. Anorexia and nausea could be possible side effects.
4. Indication:  Hepatitis A vaccine is indicated for active immunization against disease caused by hepatitis A virus (HAV). It is approved for use in persons 12 months of age and older. Primary immunization should be administered at least 2 weeks prior to expected exposure to HAV.HAVRIX® will not prevent hepatitis infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, hepatitis E virus or other pathogens known to infect the liver.In areas of low to intermediate prevalence of hepatitis A, immunization with HAVRIX® is particularly recommended in subjects who are, or will be, at increased risk of infection such as:* Travelers: Persons traveling to areas where the prevalence of hepatitis A is high. These areas include Africa, Asia, the Mediterranean basin, the Middle East, Central and South America.Armed Forces: Armed Forces personnel who travel to higher endemicity areas or to areas where hygiene is poor have an increased risk of HAV infection. Active immunization is indicated for these individuals.Persons for whom Hepatitis A is an Occupational Hazard: These include employees in day-care centres, nursing, medical and paramedical personnel in hospitals and institutions, especially gastroenterology and pediatric units, sewage workers, and food handlers, among others.Persons for whom there is an Increased Risk of Transmission of Hepatitis A: e.g. homosexuals, persons with multiple sexual partners, abusers of injectable drugs, hemophiliac patients.Contacts of Infected Persons: Since virus shedding of infected persons may occur for a prolonged period, active immunization of close contacts is recommended.Specific Population Groups known to have Higher Incidence of Hepatitis A: e.g. North American Indians, Inuits, recognized community-wide HAV epidemics.Subjects with chronic liver disease or who are at risk of developing chronic liver disease e.g. Hepatitis B (HB) and Hepatitis C (HC) chronic carriers and alcohol abusers.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Olsalazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olsalazine is an anti-inflammatory drug used in the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis. Olsalazine is a derivative of salicylic acid. Inactive by itself (it is a prodrug), it is converted by the bacteria in the colon to mesalamine. Mesalamine works as an anti-inflammatory agent in treating inflammatory diseases of the intestines.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin is obtained from pooled adult human plasma selected for high titers of antibody for Cytomegalovirus (CMV). It contains purified immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies directed against Cytomegalovirus (CMV). CMV is a virus that causes infections in humans, and diseases such as glandular fever and pneumonia. Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin is targeted to attenuate or reduce the incidence of serious CMV disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Polaprezinc
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polaprezinc is a chelated form of zinc and L-carnosine. It is a zinc-related medicine approved for the first time in Japan, which has been clinically used to treat gastric ulcers [5]. It was determined that polaprezinc may be effective in pressure ulcer treatment [3]. A study in 2013 showed that CO-administration of polaprezinc may be effective against small intestine mucosal injury associated with long-term aspirin therapy [1].
4. Indication:  Peptic ulcer disease, dyspepsia [6].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Motavizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection and pediatric indications.
