DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AX200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and strokes.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Davunetide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Davunetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.Davunetide is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Davunetide is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Caprospinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Caprospinol (SP-233) is the first drug ever to demonstrate the correlation of clearing beta-amyloid from the brain. It also improves the brain histopathology and recovers memory function.
4. Indication:  Alzheimer's Disease
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CEP-1347
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CEP-1347 is a semi-synthetic compound shown to protect multiple nerve cell types from a variety of insults leading to programmed cell death (apoptosis) which could improve the survival of dopamine neurons prior to and after transplantation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LS11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LS11(talaporfin sodium) is an agent consisting of chlorin e6, derived from chlorophyll, and L-aspartic acid with photosensitizing activity. After intratumoral activation by light emitting diodes, taporfin sodium forms an extended high energy conformational state that generates singlet oxygen, resulting in free radical-mediated cell death. It is used to treat many kinds of cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Enzastaurin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Enzastaurin, an investigational, targeted, oral agent, will be evaluated at more than 100 sites worldwide for the treatment of relapsed glioblastoma multiforme (GBM), an aggressive and malignant form of brain cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and lung cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Carmustine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cell-cycle phase nonspecific alkylating antineoplastic agent. It is used in the treatment of brain tumors and various other malignant neoplasms. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p462) This substance may reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen according to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of brain tumors, multiple myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and Non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ibudilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibudilast is an anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective oral agent which shows an excellent safety profile at 60 mg/day and provides significantly prolonged time-to-first relapse and attenuated brain volume shrinkage in patients with relapsing-remitting (RR) and/or secondary progressive (SP) multiple sclerosis (MS). Ibudilast is currently in development in the U.S. (codes: AV-411 or MN-166), but is approved for use as an antiinflammatory in Japan.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of multiple sclerosis, asthma, and cerebrovascular disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mersalyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [4, 6]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [6]. Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [13].
4. Indication:  Elevated blood pressure, edema [6, 14].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tarenflurbil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tarenflurbil is an investigational drug that was studied in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease. It is a selective amyloid lowering agent (SALA) that reduces levels of the toxic peptide amyloid beta 42 (Aβ42) in cultured human cells and in animal models. Aβ42 is the primary initiator of neurotoxicity and amyloid plaque development in the brains of Alzheimer's disease patients. In June 2008 development of the drug for Alzheimer's disease was discontinued. Tarenflurbil has also been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  motexafin gadolinium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motexafin gadolinium is studied in the treatment of cancer by Pharmacyclics. It may make tumor cells more sensitive to radiation therapy, improve tumor images using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), and kill cancer cells. It belongs to the family of drugs called metalloporphyrin complexes. Also called gadolinium texaphyrin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), lung cancer, and lymphoma (non-hodgkin's).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Irofulven
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A novel anti-cancer compound synthesized by scientists at the University of California, San Diego more than a decade ago from toxins of the poisonous jack-o-lantern mushroom, has been granted “fast track” status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) after demonstrating promise against one of the most deadly cancers. MGI-114 (Irofulven) is currently being developed by MGI PHARMA, Inc., an emerging oncology-focused pharmaceutical company based in Minneapolis. Phase III clinical trials involving the drug have been underway since early 2001 at sites in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, liver cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, pediatric indications, prostate cancer, and sarcoma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Neostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the effects of muscle relaxants such as gallamine and tubocurarine. Neostigmine, unlike physostigmine, does not cross the blood-brain barrier. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Neostigmine is used for the symptomatic treatment of myasthenia gravis by improving muscle tone.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tideglusib
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[1] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.
4. Indication:  Tideglusib was initially formulated for the treatment of Alzheimer and progressive supranuclear palsy.[1] The raising interest for the use of tideglusib comes from the significant upregulation of GSK-3 in the brain in patients with Alzheimer disease. Its function as a degradant of β-catenin, was also important, as it prevents the transcription of cell survival genes. All these factors have directed current research towards this kinase as a potential target.[3] Alzheimer disease is the most prevalent form of dementia. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disease is related to the presence of amyloid β, which triggers a cascade that will alter the Tau protein and provoke synaptic dysfunction and neuronal death.[4] GSK-3 importance in the tissue repair pathway has also pointed out a novel application for tideglusib. Thus, it is also under the research for the natural repair treatment of deep caries lesions.[2] 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  RTA 744
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RTA 744 is a novel anthracycline derivative that crosses the blood-brain barrier and shows significant potential for the treatment of primary and metastatic brain cancers. Anthracyclines are one of the most broadly used and effective classes of cancer therapies; however, they are not used to treat brain cancers because current therapies do not cross the blood-brain barrier.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Corticorelin acetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticorelin acetate has been investigated for the treatment of Brain Edema and Brain Tumor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Glutamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A peptide that is a homopolymer of glutamic acid.
4. Indication:  Considered to be nature's "Brain food" by improving mental capacities; helps speed the healing of ulcers; gives a "lift" from fatigue; helps control alcoholism, schizophrenia and the craving for sugar.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat short-term sleeping problems (insomnia), such as difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, and early-morning awakening.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dexfenfluramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dexfenfluramine, also marketed under the name Redux, is a serotoninergic anorectic drug. It was for some years in the mid-1990s approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the purposes of weight loss. However, following multiple concerns about the cardiovascular side-effects of the drug, such approval was withdrawn.
4. Indication:  For the management of obesity including weight loss and maintenance of weight loss in patients on a reduced calorie diet
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Oxymorphone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic with actions and uses similar to those of morphine, apart from an absence of cough suppressant activity. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including pain in obstetrics. It may also be used as an adjunct to anesthesia (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1092). On June 8, 2017, FDA requested Endo Pharmaceuticals to remove the medication from the market due to opioid misuse and abuse risks associated with the product's injectable reformulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid, commonly abbreviated GHB, is a therapeutic drug which is illegal in multiple countries. It is currently regulated in the US and sold by Jazz Pharmaceuticals under the name Xyrem. However, it is important to note that GHB is a designated Orphan drug (in 1985). Today Xyrem is a Schedule III drug; however GHB remains a Schedule I drug and the illicit use of Xyrem falls under penalties of Schedule I. GHB is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits and almost all other living creatures in small amounts. It is used illegally under the street names Juice, Liquid Ecstasy or simply G, either as an intoxicant, or as a date rape drug. Xyrem is a central nervous system depressant that reduces excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.
4. Indication:  Used as a general anesthetic, to treat conditions such as insomnia, clinical depression, narcolepsy, and alcoholism, and to improve athletic performance. 
