DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Zolpidem
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zolpidem is a prescription short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic that potentiates gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to benzodiazepine receptors which are located on the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptors. Zolpidem is used for the short-term treatment of insomnia. It works quickly (usually within 15 minutes) and has a short half-life (2-3 hours). It is classified as an imidazopyridine. As an anticonvulsant and muscle relaxant, the beneficial effects start to emerge at 10 and 20 times the dose required for sedation, respectively. For that reason, it has never been approved for either muscle relaxation or seizure prevention. Recently, zolpidem has been cited in various medical reports mainly in the United Kingdom as waking persistent vegetative state (PVS) patients, and dramatically improving the conditions of people with brain injuries.
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  RTA 744
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RTA 744 is a novel anthracycline derivative that crosses the blood-brain barrier and shows significant potential for the treatment of primary and metastatic brain cancers. Anthracyclines are one of the most broadly used and effective classes of cancer therapies; however, they are not used to treat brain cancers because current therapies do not cross the blood-brain barrier.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Corticorelin acetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticorelin acetate has been investigated for the treatment of Brain Edema and Brain Tumor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  SOT-107
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SOT-107 is a drug that is a combination of a protein called transferrin and a poison called diphtheria toxin. This drug treat for a type of brain cancer called a high grade glioma brain tumour. About half of all brain tumours are gliomas. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Paclitaxel trevatide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Three paclitaxel molecules linked by a cleavable succinyl ester linkage to a brain peptide vector, Angiopep-2, conjugate named ANG1005.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  PYM50028
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cogane (PYM50028/P58, p59, p63) is a novel non-peptide, orally bioavailable neurotrophic factor inducer that readily reverses free radical neurotoxicity produced by 1-ethyl-4- phenylpyridium (MPP+) in dopaminergic neurones and reverses the decrease of neuronal growth factors and dopamine receptors in the brain. Pre-clinical work with Cogane showed it to be neuroprotective against betya-amyloid and glutamate damage which contributes to Alzheimer's disease and reverses the changes in the area of the brain involved in Parkinson’s disease.P58 is a protein synthesis stimulant acts by restoring levels of proteins that are altered in the ageing brain, reversing the loss of nerve receptors in the ageing brain and potentially allowing for the regrowth of neural connections. P58 therefore provides a totally novel mode of action with potential importance for diseases associated with ageing of the brain. P58 is one of a family of phytochemicals (Cogane) isolated from traditional treatments for the elderly that have previously been shown to offer significant benefit in the treatment of senile dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Gadoteridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.
4. Indication:  Gadoteridol is an MRI contrast agent used for contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CAD106
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAD106 is an immunotherapeutic product in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It is designed to induce antibodies against the beta-amyloid-protein that inhibit the formation of plaques in the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  ADL 10-0101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis. Trials are also being conducted for relieving burn pain and dermal itch.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Docosahexaenoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docosahexaenoate (DHA) is a long-chain, highly unsaturated omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid with 22-carbon chain and six cis double bonds. It can be synthesised from the plant essential fatty acid α-linolenic acid (ALA) or obtained from other sources such as breast milk, fish oil and algae oil. As a major structural component in human brain tissues, retina and skin, DHA plays an essential role in growth and functional development of the brain in infants as well as maintenance of normal brain function in adults [1]. DHA is available as oral dietary supplements and added in food products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Corticorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  AX200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and strokes.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  CNS-5161
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CNS 5161 is a blocker of the NMDA ion channel and has completed Phase IIa proof of concept clinical trials as a novel compound for the treatment of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in migraine and cluster headaches, neuropathy (diabetic), and pain (acute or chronic).
