DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Alverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant. Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus. Alverine acts directly on the muscle in the gut, causing it to relax. This prevents the muscle spasms which occur in the gut in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and diverticular disease. It is used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine is formulated as the citrate salt (5982-87-6).
4. Indication:  Used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine citrate is also under investigation to increase the cytotoxic effects of the proteasome inhibitor MG132 on breast cancer cells. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  GTI 2040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2040 is a substance that is being studied as a treatment for cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called antisense oligonucleotides.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia (myeloid), leukemia (unspecified), myelodysplastic syndrome, prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dactolisib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dactolisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumor, Renal Cancer, Breast Cancer, and Cowden Syndrome, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Telotristat ethyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Telotristat only approved oral therapy for carcinoid syndrome diarrhea. Telotristat was approved by the FDA in March, 2017 as Xermelo.
4. Indication:  As a serotonin synthesis inhibitor, telotristat etiprate, has the potential to reduce serotonin levels and address the key elements of carcinoid syndrome. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pirlindole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirlindole is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A (RIMA) which was developed and is currently used in Russia as an antidepressant. It is structurally and pharmacologically related to metralindole.Pirlindole is a selective, reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase (MAO) subtype A (MAO-A) that is approved in several European and non-European countries for the treatment of major depression. The antidepressant efficacy and safety of pirlindole have been demonstrated in numerous studies and, supported by many years of clinical experience in the treatment of depression. Pirlindole's efficacy and safety have also been shown in the treatment of fibromyalgia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of major depression.It is being studied in the treatment of fibromyalgia pain syndrome. One study determined that the effect of pirlindole on sensorimotor performance while driving a motor vehicle shows many similarities to that of placebo. The drug appears to stimulate the central nervous system, rather than exhibit a sedative effect, like many antidepressants. Because of its selective, reversible inhibition of monoamine oxidase (MAO-A) and short half-life, unpleasant "cheese effects" are avoided. This refers to the effects of consuming tyramine-rich foods, such as cheese while medicated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, leading to severe headaches and hypertension [6]. of The available evidence supports pirlindole as a safe and effective treatment option for the management of depression and fibromyalgia syndrome [5].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Captodiame
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Captodiame, also known as captodiamine, is an antihistamine which is used as a sedative and anxiolytic. It is a derivative of diphenhydramine. Captodiame has been suggested for use in preventing benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome.
4. Indication:  Captodiame is indicated for the treatment of anxiety. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used only for the management of severe diarrhoea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women. Alosetron has an antagonist action on the 5-HT3 receptors and thus may modulate serotonin-sensitive gastrointestinal (GI) processes. Alosetron was voluntarily withdrawn from the US market in November 2000 by the manufacturer due to numerous reports of severe adverse effects including ischemic colitis, severely obstructed or ruptured bowel, and death. In June 2002, the FDA approved a supplemental new drug application allowing the remarketing of the drug under restricted conditions of use.
4. Indication:  Only for the treatment of symptoms of severe diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women with chronic symptoms (generally lasting greater than 6 months) who does not present with anatomic or biochemical GI abnormalities and have not responded to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fludrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic mineralocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methadone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic opioid that is used as the hydrochloride. It is an opioid analgesic that is primarily a mu-opioid agonist. It has actions and uses similar to those of morphine. It also has a depressant action on the cough center and may be given to control intractable cough associated with terminal lung cancer. Methadone is also used as part of the treatment of dependence on opioid drugs, although prolonged use of methadone itself may result in dependence. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1082-3).In Australia methadone is a Schedule 8 (controlled) drug.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dry cough, drug withdrawal syndrome, opioid type drug dependence, and pain.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Mitotane
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of the insecticide dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane that specifically inhibits cells of the adrenal cortex and their production of hormones. It is used to treat adrenocortical tumors and causes CNS damage, but no bone marrow depression. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of inoperable adrenocortical tumours; Cushing's syndrome
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Foretinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Foretinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Cancer, Carcinoma, Renal Cell, Recurrent Breast Cancer, and Neoplasms, Head and Neck, among others. Foretinib is an orally available small molecule compound designed to target multiple RTKs implicated in the development, progression and spread of cancer. It inhibits the activation of MET, RON, ERK and AKT, decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dihydrotachysterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A vitamin D that can be regarded as a reduction product of vitamin D2.
4. Indication:  Used for the prevention and treatment of rickets or osteomalacia, and to manage hypocalcemia associated with hypoparathyroidism or pseudohypoparathyroidism. Also used for the treatment of vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Topiramate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant drug produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics, a division of Johnson & Johnson. It is used to treat epilepsy in both children and adults. In children it is also indicated for treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (a disorder that causes seizures and developmental delays). It is also Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for, and now most frequently prescribed for, the prevention of migraines. [Wikipedia]. A combination product containing phentermine and topiramate extended-release called QSYMIA® is indicated for the management of obesity. On August 2013, an extended released formulation, marketed as Trokendi XR has been approved for the management of partial onset, tonic-clonic, and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome seizures. 
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment and control of partial seizures and severe tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizures and also for the prevention of migraine headaches. In children it is also used for treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Qsymia® is indicated for the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  DDP733
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mifepristone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A progestational and glucocorticoid hormone antagonist. Its inhibition of progesterone induces bleeding during the luteal phase and in early pregnancy by releasing endogenous prostaglandins from the endometrium or decidua. As a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, the drug has been used to treat hypercortisolism in patients with nonpituitary cushing syndrome [PubChem]. The two marketed forms of mifepristone are Mifeprex® (mifepristone 200mg) and Korlym™ (mifepristone 300mg). Currently under investigation for use in psychotic depression (phase 3 trials). 
4. Indication:  For the medical termination of intrauterine pregnancy through 49 days' pregnancy. Also indicated to control hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing's syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and are not candidates for surgery or have had unsuccessful surgery.
