DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Carbocisteine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbocisteine is a mucolytic that reduces the viscosity of sputum and so can be used to help relieve the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) and bronchiectasis by allowing the sufferer to bring up sputum more easily. Carbocisteine should not be used with antitussives (cough suppressants) or medicines that dry up bronchial secretions. Carbocisteine is produced by alkylation of cysteine with chloroacetic acid.
4. Indication:  Used to help relieve the symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD) and bronchiectasis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Terpin hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  An insect repellent; cis-form hydrate used as expectorant. Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available with a prescription, but must be prepared by a compounding pharmacy.
4. Indication:  Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, used in the treatment of acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchiectasis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract. It is typically formulated with an antitussive (e.g., codeine) as a combined preparation.
