DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Diloxanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diloxanide furoate is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.
4. Indication:  Diloxanide is used alone as a primary agent in the treatment of asymptomatic (cyst passers) intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica. Diloxanide may also be used concurrently, or sequentially, with other agents such as the nitroimidazoles (eg. metronidazole) in the treatment of invasive or extraintestinal forms of amebiasis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mechlorethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes, mechlorethamine is an alkylating drug. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage. [PubChem]The FDA granted marketing approval for the orphan drug Valchlor (mechlorethamine) gel on August 23, 2013 for the topical treatment of stage IA and IB mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who have received prior skin-directed therapy. Each tube of Valchlor contains 0.016% of mechlorethamine which is equivalent to 0.02% mechlorethamine HCL. 
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of Hodgkin's disease (Stages III and IV), lymphosarcoma, chronic myelocytic or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, polycythemia vera, mycosis fungoides, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Also for the palliative treatment of metastatic carcinoma resulting in effusion.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gallium citrate Ga 67
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]
4. Indication:  Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful to demonstrate the presence and extent of Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Positive gallium Ga-67 uptake in the absence of prior symptoms warrants follow-up as an indication of a potential disease state. Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful as an aid in detecting some acute inflammatory lesions.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Doxorubicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxorubicin is a cytotoxic anthracycline antibiotic isolated from cultures of Streptomyces peucetius var. caesius. Doxorubicin binds to nucleic acids, presumably by specific intercalation of the planar anthracycline nucleus with the DNA double helix.
4. Indication:  Doxorubicin is used to produce regression in disseminated neoplastic conditions like acute lymphoblastic leukemia, acute myeloblastic leukemia, Wilms’ tumor, neuroblastoma, soft tissue and bone sarcomas, breast carcinoma, ovarian carcinoma, transitional cell bladder carcinoma, thyroid carcinoma, gastric carcinoma, Hodgkin’s disease, malignant lymphoma and bronchogenic carcinoma in which the small cell histologic type is the most responsive compared to other cell types. Doxorubicin is also indicated for use as a component of adjuvant therapy in women with evidence of axillary lymph node involvement following resection of primary breast cancer.
