DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Beraprost
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Telithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal infection, acute sinusitis, acute bacterial tonsillitis, acute bronchitis and bronchiolitis, lower respiratory tract infection and lobar (pneumococcal) pneumonia.
