DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PF-00610355
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-00610355 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Disease, Moxifloxacin, Pulmonary Disease, Asthma, Bronchial, and Bronchial Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bitolterol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bitolterol mesylate is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and COPD. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to dilate air passages in the lungs that have become narrowed as a result of disease or inflammation. It is used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pirbuterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic bronchodilator. In vitro studies and in vivo pharmacologic studies have demonstrated that pirbuterol has a preferential effect on beta-2 Adrenergic receptors compared with isoproterenol. While it is recognized that beta-2 adrenergic receptors are the predominant receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, data indicate that there is a population of beta-2 receptors in the human heart, existing in a concentration between 10-50%. The precise function of these receptors has not been established.The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including pirbuterol, are at least in proof attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (AlP) to cyclic-3† ,5†-adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible bronchospasm including asthma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Isoetarine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoetarine is a selective adrenergic beta-2 agonist used as fast acting bronchodilator for emphysema, bronchitis and asthma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma, wheezing, and chronic asthmatic bronchitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bambuterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bambuterol is a long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma. It is a prodrug of terbutaline.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with asthma and reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Procaterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A long-acting beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a potent bronchodilator that may be administered orally or by aerosol inhalation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ambroxol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambroxol is a secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus. It is the active ingredient of Mucosolvan, Lasolvan or Mucoangin. The substance is a mucoactive drug with several properties including secretolytic and secretomotoric actions that restore the physiological clearance mechanisms of the respiratory tract which play an important role in the body’s natural defence mechanisms. It stimulates synthesis and release of surfactant by type II pneumocytes. Surfactants acts as an anti-glue factor by reducing the adhesion of mucus to the bronchial wall, in improving its transport and in providing protection against infection and irritating agents.
4. Indication:  Ambroxol is indicated as “secretolytic therapy in bronchopulmonary diseases associated with abnormal mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. It promotes mucus clearance, facilitates expectoration and eases productive cough, allowing patients to breathe freely and deeply. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dyphylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A theophylline derivative with broncho- and vasodilator properties. It is used in the treatment of asthma, cardiac dyspnea, and bronchitis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of acute bronchial asthma and for reversible bronchospasm associated with chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Terpin hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  An insect repellent; cis-form hydrate used as expectorant. Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available with a prescription, but must be prepared by a compounding pharmacy.
4. Indication:  Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, used in the treatment of acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchiectasis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract. It is typically formulated with an antitussive (e.g., codeine) as a combined preparation.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Aminophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aminophylline is a drug combination that contains theophylline and ethylenediamine in a 2:1 ratio. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Similar to other theophyllines, aminophylline is indicated for the treatment of lung diseases such as asthma, chronic bronchitis, and COPD. The majority of aminophylline medications are discontinued and the remaining medications on the market are in short supply.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm due to asthma, emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Salbutamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Salbutamol is a short-acting, selective beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and COPD. It is 29 times more selective for beta2 receptors than beta1 receptors giving it higher specificity for pulmonary beta receptors versus beta1-adrenergic receptors located in the heart. Salbutamol is formulated as a racemic mixture of the R- and S-isomers. The R-isomer has 150 times greater affinity for the beta2-receptor than the S-isomer and the S-isomer has been associated with toxicity. This lead to the development of levalbuterol, the single R-isomer of salbutamol. However, the high cost of levalbuterol compared to salbutamol has deterred wide-spread use of this enantiomerically pure version of the drug. Salbutamol is generally used for acute episodes of bronchospasm caused by bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD). It is also used prophylactically for exercise-induced asthma.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief and prevention of bronchospasm due to bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis, and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as COPD. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  GSK159797
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK159797 ('797) is an inhaled, longer-acting Beta2 agonist developed for the treatment of respiratory disease such as asthma and COPD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Theophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Formoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Formoterol is a long-acting (12 hours) beta2-agonist used in the management of asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Inhaled formoterol works like other beta2-agonists, causing bronchodilatation through relaxation of the smooth muscle in the airway so as to treat the exacerbation of asthma.
4. Indication:  For use as long-term maintenance treatment of asthma in patients 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airways disease, including patients with symptoms of nocturnal asthma, who are using optimal corticosteroid treatment and experiencing regular or frequent breakthrough symptoms requiring use of a short-acting bronchodilator. Not indicated for asthma that can be successfully managed with occasional use of an inhaled, short-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist. Also used for the prevention of exercise-induced bronchospasm, as well as long-term treatment of bronchospasm associated with COPD.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Doxofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxofylline is a methylxanthine derivative with the presence of a dioxolane group in position 7. As a drug used in the treatment of asthma, doxofylline has shown similar efficacy to theophylline but with significantly fewer side effects in animal and human studies. Unlike other xanthines, doxofylline lacks any significant affinity for adenosine A1 or A2 receptors and does not produce stimulant effects. Decreased affinity for adenosine receptors may account for the better safety profile of doxofylline compared to theophylline [7]. Unlike theophylline, doxofylline does not affect calcium influx and does not antagonize the actions of calcium channel blockers which could explain reduced cardiac adverse reactions associated with the drug [5]. The anti-asthmatic effects of doxophylline are mediated by other mechanisms, primarily through inhibiting the activities of the phosphodiesterase (PDE) enzyme.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bronchial asthma and pulmonary disease with spastic bronchial component.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Orciprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and bronchospasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm, chronic bronchitis, asthma, and emphysema.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Salmeterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salmeterol is a long-acting beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist drug that is currently prescribed for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Vilanterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vilanterol is a selective long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) with inherent 24-hour activity for once daily treatment of COPD and asthma. Its pharmacological effect is attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenylyl cyclase which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increases in cyclic AMP are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of hypersensitivity mediators from mast cells in the lungs. Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Oxtriphylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxtriphylline is the choline salt form of theophylline. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Its main physiological reponse is to dilate the bronchioles. As such, oxytriphylline is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD (i.e. all the same indications as the other theophyllines). It is marketed under the name Choledyl SA, and several forms of oxytriphylline have been discontinued. In the US, oxtriphylline is no longer available.
4. Indication:  Used to treat the symptoms of asthma, bronchitis, COPD, and emphysema.
