DrugId:  1
1. Name:  GSK159797
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK159797 ('797) is an inhaled, longer-acting Beta2 agonist developed for the treatment of respiratory disease such as asthma and COPD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Methacholine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methacholine acts as a non-selective muscarinic receptor agonist to stimulate the parasympathetic nervous system. It is most commonly used for diagnosing bronchial hyperreactivity, using the bronchial challenge test. Through this test, the drug causes bronchoconstriction and people with pre-existing airway hyperreactivity, such as asthmatics, will react to lower doses of drug.
4. Indication:  It is most commonly used for diagnosing bronchial hyperreactivity, using the bronchial challenge test.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PF-00610355
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-00610355 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Disease, Moxifloxacin, Pulmonary Disease, Asthma, Bronchial, and Bronchial Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Stepronin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strepronin is a mucolytic drug. A mucolytic agent is any agent which dissolves thick mucus usually used to help relieve respiratory difficulties. The viscosity of mucous secretions in the lungs is dependent upon the concentrations of mucoprotein as well as the presence of disulfide bonds between these macromolecules and DNA.
4. Indication:  Strepronin is a mucolytic (expectorant) drug.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bitolterol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bitolterol mesylate is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and COPD. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to dilate air passages in the lungs that have become narrowed as a result of disease or inflammation. It is used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Isoetarine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoetarine is a selective adrenergic beta-2 agonist used as fast acting bronchodilator for emphysema, bronchitis and asthma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma, wheezing, and chronic asthmatic bronchitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bambuterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bambuterol is a long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma. It is a prodrug of terbutaline.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with asthma and reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pirbuterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic bronchodilator. In vitro studies and in vivo pharmacologic studies have demonstrated that pirbuterol has a preferential effect on beta-2 Adrenergic receptors compared with isoproterenol. While it is recognized that beta-2 adrenergic receptors are the predominant receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, data indicate that there is a population of beta-2 receptors in the human heart, existing in a concentration between 10-50%. The precise function of these receptors has not been established.The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including pirbuterol, are at least in proof attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (AlP) to cyclic-3† ,5†-adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible bronchospasm including asthma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dyphylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A theophylline derivative with broncho- and vasodilator properties. It is used in the treatment of asthma, cardiac dyspnea, and bronchitis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of acute bronchial asthma and for reversible bronchospasm associated with chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Apocynin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Acetovanillone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchial Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nedocromil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyranoquinolone derivative that inhibits activation of inflammatory cells which are associated with asthma, including eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, mast cells, monocytes, and platelets. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate asthma
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Procaterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A long-acting beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a potent bronchodilator that may be administered orally or by aerosol inhalation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fenoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-2 agonist that is used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Fenoterol is used for the treatment of asthma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Chloropyramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloropyramine is a first generation antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions. Related indications for clinical use include Quincke's edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Terpin hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  An insect repellent; cis-form hydrate used as expectorant. Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available with a prescription, but must be prepared by a compounding pharmacy.
4. Indication:  Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, used in the treatment of acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchiectasis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract. It is typically formulated with an antitussive (e.g., codeine) as a combined preparation.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  OC-459
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OC000459 is under investigation for the treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. OC000459 has been investigated for the treatment of Bronchial Asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Penbutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Penbutolol is a drug in the beta-blocker class used to treat hypertension. Penbutolol binds both beta-1 and beta-2 adrenergic receptors, rendering it a non-selective beta-blocker. Penbutolol can act as a partial agonist at beta adrenergic receptors, since it is a sympathomimetric drug. Penbutolol also demonstrates high binding affinity to the 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A with antagonistic effects. This binding characteristic of penbutolol is being investigated for its implications in Antidepressant Therapy. Penbutolol is contraindicated in patients with cardiogenic shock, sinus bradycardia, second and third degree atrioventricular conduction block, bronchial asthma, and those with known hypersensitivity.
4. Indication:  Penbutolol is indicated in the treatment of mild to moderate arterial hypertension. It may be used alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents, especially thiazide-type diuretics.Penbutolol is contraindicated in patients with cardiogenic shock, sinus bradycardia, second and third degree atrioventricular conduction block, bronchial asthma, and those with known hypersensitivity.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Anisotropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For use in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ambroxol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambroxol is a secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus. It is the active ingredient of Mucosolvan, Lasolvan or Mucoangin. The substance is a mucoactive drug with several properties including secretolytic and secretomotoric actions that restore the physiological clearance mechanisms of the respiratory tract which play an important role in the body’s natural defence mechanisms. It stimulates synthesis and release of surfactant by type II pneumocytes. Surfactants acts as an anti-glue factor by reducing the adhesion of mucus to the bronchial wall, in improving its transport and in providing protection against infection and irritating agents.
4. Indication:  Ambroxol is indicated as “secretolytic therapy in bronchopulmonary diseases associated with abnormal mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. It promotes mucus clearance, facilitates expectoration and eases productive cough, allowing patients to breathe freely and deeply. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Salbutamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Salbutamol is a short-acting, selective beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and COPD. It is 29 times more selective for beta2 receptors than beta1 receptors giving it higher specificity for pulmonary beta receptors versus beta1-adrenergic receptors located in the heart. Salbutamol is formulated as a racemic mixture of the R- and S-isomers. The R-isomer has 150 times greater affinity for the beta2-receptor than the S-isomer and the S-isomer has been associated with toxicity. This lead to the development of levalbuterol, the single R-isomer of salbutamol. However, the high cost of levalbuterol compared to salbutamol has deterred wide-spread use of this enantiomerically pure version of the drug. Salbutamol is generally used for acute episodes of bronchospasm caused by bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD). It is also used prophylactically for exercise-induced asthma.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief and prevention of bronchospasm due to bronchial asthma, chronic bronchitis, and other chronic bronchopulmonary disorders such as COPD. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Levosalbutamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levosalbutamol, also known as levalbuterol, is a short-acting β2 adrenergic receptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).Salbutamol has been marketed as a racemic mixture, although beta2-agonist activity resides almost exclusively in the (R)-enantiomer. The enantioselective disposition of salbutamol and the possibility that (S)-salbutamol has adverse effects have led to the development of an enantiomerically pure (R)-salbutamol formulation known as levosalbutamol (levalbuterol).
4. Indication:  Levosalbutamol's bronchodilator properties give it indications in treatment of COPD (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, also known as chronic obstructive lung disease) and asthma.
