DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fluoxetine hydrochloride is the first agent of the class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Fluoxetine is a racemic mixture of the R- and S- enantiomers and are of equivalent pharmacologic activity. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Fluoxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and in combination with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Fluoxetine is the most anorexic and stimulating SSRI.
4. Indication:  Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluvoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant which functions pharmacologically as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Though it is in the same class as other SSRI drugs, it is most often used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.Fluvoxamine has been in use in clinical practice since 1983 and has a clinical trial database comprised of approximately 35,000 patients. It was launched in the US in December 1994 and in Japan in June 1999. As of the end of 1995, more than 10 million patients worldwide have been treated with fluvoxamine.
4. Indication:  Indicated predominantly for the management of depression and for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) [FDA Label]. Has also been used in the management of bulimia nervosa [2].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  OPC-14523
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OPC-14523 is an antidepressant drug developed by Otsuka America Pharmaceutical.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bulimia, depression, and obsessive-compulsive disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
