DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sutilains
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sutilains is a topical agent that is used in the treatment of chemical debridement of burns.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Stem bromelain
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nexobrid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Thermal Burns. It was approved by the EMA in 2012.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Vibriolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vibriolysin is a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the marine microorganism Vibrio proteolyticus. It is a new agent for enzymatic debridement, shown to rapidly and thoroughly hydrolyze burn wound eschar within full-thickness wounds.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Mafenide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mafenide is a sulfonamide-type medication used to treat severe burns. It acts by reducing the bacterial population present in the burn tissue and promotes healing of deep burns. 
4. Indication:  Mafenide is indicated in the treatment of severe burns.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Silver sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Silver sulfadiazine is a sulfa derivative topical antibacterial used primarily on second- and third-degree burns. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct for the prevention and treatment of wound sepsis in patients with second- and third-degree burns.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sodium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium hydroxide is also known as lye or soda , or caustic soda [6].At room temperature, sodium hydroxide is a white crystalline odorless solid that absorbs moisture from the air. It is a synthetically manufactured substance. When dissolved in water or neutralized with acid it releases substantial amounts of heat, which may prove sufficient to ignite combustible materials. Sodium hydroxide is highly corrosive [2].Sodium hydroxide is generally used as a solid or a diluted in a 50% solution. This chemical is used to manufacture soaps, rayon, paper, explosives, dyestuffs, and petroleum products [2].It is also used in processing cotton fabric, laundering and bleaching, metal cleaning and processing, oxide coating, electroplating, and electrolytic extracting. It is commonly found in commercial drain/ oven cleaners [2]. According to the the FDA, sodium hydroxide is considered a direct food recognized as safe, where it serves as a pH control agent and follows good manufacturing guidelines [3].Interestingly, sodium hydroxide has been studied for its use in the treatment of prion disease (as occurs in mad cow disease and kuru). The use of this compound has been shown to effectively reduce prion levels in an in vitro inactivation assay [1].
4. Indication:  Used to destroy or kill the mail matrix (matrixectomies) [4].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Balsam of Peru
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Balsam of Peru, also known and marketed by many other names, is a natural resin derived from a tree known as Myroxylon, which is grown in Central America (primarily in El Salvador) and South America. It is a contact allergen but has been used in the local treatment of burns and wounds. Other applications include flavoring agent in foods and drinks and frangrance in cosmetic products.
4. Indication:  For use as an aid in the treatment of external wounds and assists healing by facilitating the removal of necrotic tissue, exudate and organic debris.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Acetohexamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sulfonylurea hypoglycemic agent that is metabolized in the liver to 1-hydrohexamide. Acetohexamide has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used in the management of diabetes mellitus type 2 (adult-onset).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Beeswax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The wax obtained from the honeycomb of the bee. It consists primarily of myricyl palmitate, cerotic acid esters and some high-carbon paraffins. Beeswax is used as a stiffening agent in ointments and creams, and enables water to be incorporated to produce water-in-oil emulsions. It is also used as a coating in the manufacture of modified-release oral preparations
4. Indication:  Beeswax is also characterized by several therapeutic properties of great interest to us; it is thought to be particularly effective in healing bruises, inflammation and burns. Recently, the interest of researchers has moved even on antimicrobial properties of beeswax although there are still few studies in the literature focused only on the action of beeswax. The few studies showed an antimicrobic effectiveness of beeswax against overall Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella enterica, Candida albicans and Aspergillus niger. A sterile preparation of white beeswax, hard paraffin, and isopropyl palmitate (Sterile Surgical Bone Wax) is used to control bleeding from damaged bone during surgery. It should not be confused with Aseptic Surgical Wax (BPC 1949), also known as Horsley's Wax , which contained yellow beeswax, olive oil, and phenol in a mercuric chloride solution and was used to control haemorrhage in bone or cranial surgery.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Glisoxepide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glisoxepide is one of the sulphonamide-derived oral antidiabetic drugs. It inhibits the uptake of bile acids into isolated rat hepatocytes. However it inhibits taurocholate uptake only in the absence of sodium ions. Glisoxepide uptake could be further inhibited by blockers of the hepatocellular monocarboxylate transporter, by the loop diuretic bumetanide, by 4,4'-diisothiocyano-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonate (DIDS) and by sulphate. These results are consistent with the transport of glisoxepide via the transport system for the unconjugated bile acid cholate. [1, 2]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Succinic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, colorless crystal with an acid taste that is used as a chemical intermediate, in medicine, the manufacture of lacquers, and to make perfume esters. It is also used in foods as a sequestrant, buffer, and a neutralizing agent. (Hawley's Condensed Chemical Dictionary, 12th ed, p1099; McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms, 4th ed, p1851)
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prasterone sulfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DHEA sulfate is the major steroid of the fetal adrenal. DHEA-S is the principal adrenal androgen and is secreted together with cortisol under the control of ACTH and prolactin. DHEA-S is elevated with hyperprolactinemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dextran 40
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 40 is a sterile, nonpyrogenic preparation of low molecular weight dextran (average mol. wt. 40,000) in 5% Dextrose Injection or 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection. It is administered by intravenous infusion.
4. Indication:  Dextran 40 is indicated for use in the adjunctive treatment of shock or impending shock due to hemorrhage, burns, surgery or other trauma. Also, indicated for use as a priming fluid, either as a sole prime or as an additive, in pump oxygenators during extracorporeal circulation.Dextran 40 is also indicated for use in prophylaxis of venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in patients undergoing procedures known to be associated with a high incidence of thromboembolic complications, such as hip surgery.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Potassium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Potassium is the major cation (positive ion) inside animal cells, while sodium is the major cation outside animal cells. The concentration differences of these charged particles causes a difference in electric potential between the inside and outside of cells, known as the membrane potential. The balance between potassium and sodium is maintained by ion pumps in the cell membrane. The cell membrane potential created by potassium and sodium ions allows the cell generate an action potential—a "spike" of electrical discharge. The ability of cells to produce electrical discharge is critical for body functions such as neurotransmission, muscle contraction, and heart function. Potassium is also an essential mineral needed to regulate water balance, blood pressure and levels of acidity.
4. Indication:  Potassium is used to regulate hypokalemia as a primary condition or secondary to other medical conditions. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cystine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A covalently linked dimeric nonessential amino acid formed by the oxidation of cysteine. Two molecules of cysteine are joined together by a disulfide bridge to form cystine.
4. Indication:  It has been claimed that L-cysteine has anti-inflammatory properties, that it can protect against various toxins, and that it might be helpful in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. More research will have to be done before L-cysteine can be indicated for any of these conditions. Research to date has mostly been in animal models.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Acyclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanosine analog antiviral drug that acts as an antimetabolite. Aciclovir is used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles).Aciclovir has also been investigated for the treatment of herpes labialis applied using an iontophoretic device. Currently approved drugs for the treatment of herpes labialis (cold sores) exhibit low levels of efficacy due to the limited ability of the drugs to penetrate the skin to the site where the herpes virus is replicating. Iontophoresis uses electric current to enhance the delivery of drugs through the skin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes, and chickenpox. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
