DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Polycarbophil calcium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polycarbophil calcium is a drug used as a stool stabilizer. Chemically, it is a synthetic polymer of polyacrylic acid cross-linked with divinyl glycol, with calcium as a counter-ion. Polycarbophil is used to treat constipation. This drug may also be used to help relieve the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome or diarrhea.Less gas and bloating compared to psyllium laxative products, but can cause heartburn, and belly cramps. It is insoluble in water, dilute acids, and dilute alkali. The material possesses exceptionally high water-binding capacity. is not absorbed, does not interfere with the activity of digestive enzymes or intestinal absorption, possesses satisfactory stability, is physiologically inert, and does not cause gastrointestinal irritation.
4. Indication:  Polycarbophil is used to treat constipation and to help maintain regular bowel movements.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Calcium lactate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium lactate is a salt that consists of two lactate anions for each calcium cation (Ca2+). It is one of the main sources of calcium that is used as a calcium supplement. Other uses include antacid, food additive, and ingredient in oral hygiene products. It is also available in various hydrate forms, while pentahydrate being the most common.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Calcium carbimide
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Calcium carbimide, sold as the citrate salt, is an alcohol-sensitizing agent. Its effects are similar to the drug disulfiram (Antabuse) in that it interferes with the normal metabolism of alcohol by preventing the breakdown of the metabolic product acetaldehyde. Calcium carbimide was conceived as an alternative for the treatment of alcoholism with a reduced side effect profile either when it is consumed accompanied by alcohol or without it.[1] This drug was developed by Lederle Cyanamid Canada Inc and approved for marketing in Canada in 1959. The current status of calcium carbimide is cancelled post marketing.[8]
4. Indication:  Calcium carbimide has not been approved by the FDA but the intended indication is for the treatment of alcoholism.[6] This medication was marketed in Canada, United Kingdom and Europe under the trade name of Temposil for the sole use of alcoholism treatment.[9]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Calcium Carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isometheptene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
4. Indication:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Calcium glubionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium glubionate (or glubionate calcium) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets.
4. Indication:  Calcium glubionate is indicated to treat conditions caused by low calcium levels such as bone loss (osteoporosis), weak bones (osteomalacia/rickets), decreased activity of the parathyroid gland (hypoparathyroidism), and a certain muscle disease (latent tetany). It may also be used in certain patients to make sure they are getting enough calcium (e.g., women who are pregnant, nursing, or postmenopausal, people taking certain medications such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, or prednisone).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Calcium Gluceptate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium supplements such as calcium gluceptate are taken by individuals who are unable to get enough calcium in their regular diet or who have a need for more calcium. They are used to prevent or treat several conditions that may cause hypocalcemia (not enough calcium in the blood). The body needs calcium to make strong bones. Calcium is also needed for the heart, muscles, and nervous system to work properly.
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild hypocalcemia due to neonatal tetany, tetany due to parathyroid deficiency or vitamin D deficiency, and alkalosis, as prophylaxis of hypocalcemia during exchange transfusions, in the treatment of intestinal malabsorption, and to replenish electrolytes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Calcium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement and medication. Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.
4. Indication:  Oral calcium salts are used as dietary supplemental therapy for person who may not get enough calcium in their regular diet. Calcium gluconate is used as a cardioprotective agent in high blood potassium. Calcium gluconate is the antidote for magnesium sulfate toxicity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Calcium Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium and phosphate supplement, antacid, or a source of calcium and phosphate in toothpaste [FDA Label] [3].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mibefradil
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mibefradil was withdrawn from the market in 1998 because of potentially harmful interactions with other drugs.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of angina and high blood pressure.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Drotaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Drotaverine (INN, also known as drotaverin) is an antispasmodic drug, structurally related to papaverine. Drotaverine is a selective inhibitor of phosphodiesterase 4, and has no anticholinergic effects. Drotaverine has been shown to possess dose-dependant analgesic effects in animal models. One small study has shown drotaverine to be eliminated mainly non-renally.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of functional bowel disorders and alleviating pain in renal colic.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Calcium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium citrate is a salt typically used as a source of calcium in a variety of over the counter supplements.
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium supplement.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pinaverium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [1] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [5]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and relief of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) associated with abdominal pain, bowel disturbances and intestinal discomfort, as well as the treatment of symptoms related to functional disorders of the biliary tract. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Magnesium oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium oxide is an inorganic compound that occurs in nature as the mineral periclase. In aqueous media combines quickly with water to form magnesium hydroxide. It is used as an antacid and mild laxative and has many nonmedicinal uses. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide is used as a laxative to relieve occasional constipation (irregularity) and as an antacid to relieve indigestion, sour stomach, and heartburn.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Otilonium
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Trimebutine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trimebutine is a spasmolytic agent that regulates intestinal and colonic motility and relieves abdominal pain with antimuscarinic and weak mu opioid agonist effects. It is marketed for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and lower gastrointestinal tract motility disorders, with IBS being one of the most common multifactorial GI disorders [2]. It is used to restore normal bowel function and is commonly present in pharmaceutical mixtures as trimebutine maleate salt form. Trimebutine is not a FDA-approved drug, but it is available in Canada and several other international countries.
4. Indication:  Indicated for symptomatic treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and treatment of postoperative paralytic ileus following abdominal surgery. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Acamprosate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acamprosate, also known by the brand name Campral™, is a drug used for treating alcohol dependence. Acamprosate is thought to stabilize the chemical balance in the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism, possibly by blocking glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, while gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors are activated. Reports indicate that acamprosate only works with a combination of attending support groups and abstinence from alcohol. Certain serious side effects include allergic reactions, irregular heartbeats, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence. Acamprosate should not be taken by people with kidney problems or allergies to the drug.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of abstinence from alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence who are abstinent at treatment initiation
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Atorvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atorvastatin (Lipitor) is a member of the drug class known as statins. It is used for lowering cholesterol. Atorvastatin is a competitive inhibitor of hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the rate-determining enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis via the mevalonate pathway. HMG-CoA reductase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate. Atorvastatin acts primarily in the liver. Decreased hepatic cholesterol levels increases hepatic uptake of cholesterol and reduces plasma cholesterol levels.
4. Indication:  May be used as primary prevention in individuals with multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) and as secondary prevention in individuals with CHD to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, angina, and revascularization procedures. May be used to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). May be used in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia, homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, primary dysbetalipoproteinemia, and/or hypertriglyeridemia as an adjunct to dietary therapy to decrease serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein B (apoB), and triglyceride concentrations, while increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cabergoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cabergoline, an ergot derivative, is a long-acting dopamine agonist and prolactin inhibitor. It is used to treat hyperprolactinemic disorders and Parkinsonian Syndrome. Cabergoline possesses potent agonist activity on dopamine D2 receptors. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperprolactinemic disorders, either idiopathic or due to prolactinoma (prolactin-secreting adenomas). May also be used to manage symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome as monotherapy during initial symptomatic management or as an adjunct to levodopa therapy during advanced stages of disease. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bencyclane
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A vasodilator agent found to be effective in a variety of peripheral circulation disorders. It has various other potentially useful pharmacological effects. Its mechanism may involve block of calcium channels.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Felodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Felodipine is a long-acting 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker (CCB)b. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, felodipine prevents calcium-dependent myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. Felodipine is the most potent CCB in use and is unique in that it exhibits fluorescent activity. In addition to binding to L-type calcium channels, felodipine binds to a number of calcium-binding proteins, exhibits competitive antagonism of the mineralcorticoid receptor, inhibits the activity of calmodulin-dependent cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterase, and blocks calcium influx through voltage-gated T-type calcium channels. Felodipine is used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Mitiglinide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mitiglinide is a drug for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Mitiglinide is thought to stimulate insulin secretion by closing the ATP-sensitive K(+) (K(ATP)) channels in pancreatic beta-cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Talniflumate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talniflumate, is an anti-inflammatory molecule studied and used as a mucin regulator in the treatment of cystic fibrosis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma [5]. In addition, it is used in inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis. Phase I trials with talniflumate for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and COPD were completed in August 2001, and phase II trials were performed in Ireland for the treatment of cystic fibrosis but this research has now been discontinued [7, 10]. Talniflumate has been approved for approximately 20 years in Argentina other countries (excluding the United States, Europe, and Japan) [10].
4. Indication:  Talnifumate is a phthalidyl ester of nifumic acid, which has potent analgesic and anti-inflammatory effects and is widely used to treat inflammatory disorders, such as rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis [13], and has also been studied for the management of cystic fibrosis [8].
