DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ketoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad spectrum antifungal agent used for long periods at high doses, especially in immunosuppressed patients. It is a racemate consisting of equimolar amounts of (2R,4S)- and (2S,4R)-ketoconazole with the chiral centers on the acetal ring.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following systemic fungal infections: candidiasis, chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis, oral thrush, candiduria, blastomycosis, coccidioidomycosis, histoplasmosis, chromomycosis, and paracoccidioidomycosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Butoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used in gynecology.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (infections caused by Candida)
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Candicidin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Candicidin is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces (Streptomyces griseus) and active against some fungi of the genus Candida (C. albicans). Candicidin is administered intravaginally in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Used in the topical treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Oteseconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oteseconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis, Onychomycosis, Candidiasis, Vulvovaginal, and Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Terconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terconazole is an anti-fungal medication, primarily used to treat vaginal fungal infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of candidiasis (a yeast-like fungal infection) of the vulva and vagina.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Econazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans, Microsporum canis, Microsporum audouini, Microsporum gypseum, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis, and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tedizolid Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone-class antibiotic prodrug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of several Gram-positive bacteria. Following administration via oral or intravenous route, tedizolid phosphate prodrug is converted by plasma phosphatases to its active moiety, tedizolid. Once activated, tedizolid exerts its bacteriostatic microbial activity through inhibition of protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit of susceptible bacteria. Tedizolid is an effective and potent alternative to linezolid for the treatment of patients with Gram-positive ABSSSI due to MRSA or MSSA. Increased potency allows for once daily dosing with reduced total dosages, improving the side effect profile of this drug. Of note, the minimum inhibitory concentrations of tedizolid appear to be largely unaffected by the chloramphenicol-florfenicol resistance (cfr) gene, which has been implicated in a number of published linezolid-resistant organism outbreaks.
4. Indication:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone antibacterial drug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of the following Gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant [MRSA] and methicillin-susceptible [MSSA] isolates), Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), and Enterococcus faecalis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dequalinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.
4. Indication:  Effective local treatment as vaginal tablets for infections such as fluor vaginalis, bacterial vaginosis, aerobic vaginitis, vulvo-vaginal candidiasis and trichomoniasis. Used as a topical antimicrobial agent. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  MK-3118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SCY-078 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mycoses, Candidemia, Candidiasis, Invasive, and Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ravuconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections, aspergillosis, candidiasis, and onychomycosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Fluconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal infections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Boric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Boric acid is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3 that is often used as an antiseptic, insecticide, flame retardant, neutron absorber, preservative, pH buffer or precursor to other chemical compounds [Wikipedia]. Boric acid is added in food products and can also be found in antiseptic products. It also exhibits antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Micafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, as well as esophageal candidiasis, and prophylaxis of Candida infections in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Micafungin is also used as an alternative for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiases and has been used with some success as primary or salvage therapy, alone or in combination with other antifungals, for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Posaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Posaconazole is a triazole antifungal drug that is used to treat invasive infections by Candida species and Aspergillus species in severely immunocompromised patients.
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of invasive Aspergillus and Candida infections in patients, 13 years of age and older, who are at high risk of developing these infections due to being severely immunocompromised as a result of procedures such as hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) recipients with graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), or due to hematologic malignancies with prolonged neutropenia from chemotherapy. Also for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis, including oropharyngeal candidiasis refractory to itraconazole and/or fluconazole. Posaconazole is used as an alternative treatment for invasive aspergillosis, Fusarium infections, and zygomycosis in patients who are intolerant of, or whose disease is refractory to, other antifungals.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  CZEN 002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CZEN-002 is a novel, non-azole anti-fungal synthetic octapeptide, derived from alpha-Melanocyte-Stimulating Hormone (a-MSH). CZEN-002 modulates inflammatory and immune responses. It has also been shown to kill Candida albicans (C. albicans), a single-celled fungal organism that causes a variety of infections, including vaginitis. This organism can invade tissues and produce fatal infections in individuals with compromised immune systems such as those suffering from HIV/AIDS or undergoing organ or bone transplants. The antimicrobial activity of CZEN-002 is unique in that it does not depend on direct damage to the microbial membrane. It appears that CZEN-002 works on a receptor in yeast that has yet to be identified. Studies attempting to understand the candidacidal activity of derivatives of alpha-MSH have focused on the alpha-MSH amino acid sequence (6-13), which contains the invariant core sequence His-Phe-Arg-Trp (6-9) that is important for binding to the known melanocortin receptors. A second focus was on the sequence Lys-Pro-Val (11-13) that is known to be important for antimicrobial activity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis and vaginitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Caspofungin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug, the first of a new class termed the echinocandins from Merck & Co., Inc. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting β(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall. Caspofungin is administered intravenously.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis in patients who are refractory to or intolerant of other therapies.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cetylpyridinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetylpyridinium is a quaternary ammonium with a broad-spectrum antiseptic properties. Its salt form, cetylpyridinium chloride, is found as an active ingredient in mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. In dental hygiene products, it mediates a protective action against dental plaque and reducing gingivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
