DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oteseconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oteseconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis, Onychomycosis, Candidiasis, Vulvovaginal, and Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Candicidin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Candicidin is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces (Streptomyces griseus) and active against some fungi of the genus Candida (C. albicans). Candicidin is administered intravaginally in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Used in the topical treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MK-3118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SCY-078 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mycoses, Candidemia, Candidiasis, Invasive, and Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Butoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used in gynecology.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (infections caused by Candida)
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dequalinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.
4. Indication:  Effective local treatment as vaginal tablets for infections such as fluor vaginalis, bacterial vaginosis, aerobic vaginitis, vulvo-vaginal candidiasis and trichomoniasis. Used as a topical antimicrobial agent. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tedizolid Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone-class antibiotic prodrug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of several Gram-positive bacteria. Following administration via oral or intravenous route, tedizolid phosphate prodrug is converted by plasma phosphatases to its active moiety, tedizolid. Once activated, tedizolid exerts its bacteriostatic microbial activity through inhibition of protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit of susceptible bacteria. Tedizolid is an effective and potent alternative to linezolid for the treatment of patients with Gram-positive ABSSSI due to MRSA or MSSA. Increased potency allows for once daily dosing with reduced total dosages, improving the side effect profile of this drug. Of note, the minimum inhibitory concentrations of tedizolid appear to be largely unaffected by the chloramphenicol-florfenicol resistance (cfr) gene, which has been implicated in a number of published linezolid-resistant organism outbreaks.
4. Indication:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone antibacterial drug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of the following Gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant [MRSA] and methicillin-susceptible [MSSA] isolates), Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), and Enterococcus faecalis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tioconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tioconazole is an antifungal medication of the Imidazole class used to treat infections caused by a fungus or yeast. Tioconazole topical (skin) preparations are also available for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or "sun fungus". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (moniliasis).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ravuconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections, aspergillosis, candidiasis, and onychomycosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens A are composed of a blend of the following nine synthetic estrogenic substances: estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, and sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate. This blend of nine estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Enjuvia (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Conjugated estrogens
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Conjugated estrogens, or Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are composed of a mixture of the water-soluble salts of sulfate esters from estrone, equilin, 17 α-dihydroequilin, and other related steroids that are purified from pregnant horse urine. Available as the product Premarin (FDA), this combination of equine-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the following conditions: treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause; hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure; palliation of metastatic breast cancer; palliation of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate; and for prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis.All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form.
4. Indication:  Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are indicated for the following conditions: treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause; hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure; palliation of metastatic breast cancer; palliation of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate; and for prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ketoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad spectrum antifungal agent used for long periods at high doses, especially in immunosuppressed patients. It is a racemate consisting of equimolar amounts of (2R,4S)- and (2S,4R)-ketoconazole with the chiral centers on the acetal ring.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following systemic fungal infections: candidiasis, chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis, oral thrush, candiduria, blastomycosis, coccidioidomycosis, histoplasmosis, chromomycosis, and paracoccidioidomycosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Fluconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal infections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Boric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Boric acid is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3 that is often used as an antiseptic, insecticide, flame retardant, neutron absorber, preservative, pH buffer or precursor to other chemical compounds [Wikipedia]. Boric acid is added in food products and can also be found in antiseptic products. It also exhibits antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Micafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, as well as esophageal candidiasis, and prophylaxis of Candida infections in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Micafungin is also used as an alternative for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiases and has been used with some success as primary or salvage therapy, alone or in combination with other antifungals, for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Posaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Posaconazole is a triazole antifungal drug that is used to treat invasive infections by Candida species and Aspergillus species in severely immunocompromised patients.
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of invasive Aspergillus and Candida infections in patients, 13 years of age and older, who are at high risk of developing these infections due to being severely immunocompromised as a result of procedures such as hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) recipients with graft-versus-host disease (GVHD), or due to hematologic malignancies with prolonged neutropenia from chemotherapy. Also for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis, including oropharyngeal candidiasis refractory to itraconazole and/or fluconazole. Posaconazole is used as an alternative treatment for invasive aspergillosis, Fusarium infections, and zygomycosis in patients who are intolerant of, or whose disease is refractory to, other antifungals.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  CZEN 002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CZEN-002 is a novel, non-azole anti-fungal synthetic octapeptide, derived from alpha-Melanocyte-Stimulating Hormone (a-MSH). CZEN-002 modulates inflammatory and immune responses. It has also been shown to kill Candida albicans (C. albicans), a single-celled fungal organism that causes a variety of infections, including vaginitis. This organism can invade tissues and produce fatal infections in individuals with compromised immune systems such as those suffering from HIV/AIDS or undergoing organ or bone transplants. The antimicrobial activity of CZEN-002 is unique in that it does not depend on direct damage to the microbial membrane. It appears that CZEN-002 works on a receptor in yeast that has yet to be identified. Studies attempting to understand the candidacidal activity of derivatives of alpha-MSH have focused on the alpha-MSH amino acid sequence (6-13), which contains the invariant core sequence His-Phe-Arg-Trp (6-9) that is important for binding to the known melanocortin receptors. A second focus was on the sequence Lys-Pro-Val (11-13) that is known to be important for antimicrobial activity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis and vaginitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Terconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terconazole is an anti-fungal medication, primarily used to treat vaginal fungal infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of candidiasis (a yeast-like fungal infection) of the vulva and vagina.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Estradiol valerate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol Valerate (also known as E2V) is a pro-drug ester of Estradiol, a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol acetate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [9]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [12].Estradiol valerate is commercially available as an intramuscular injection as the product Delestrogen and is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause, for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure, and for the treatment of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only). Estradiol valerate is also available in combination with Dienogest as the commercially available product Natazia used for the prevention of pregnancy and for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding.The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol valerate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.
4. Indication:  Estradiol valerate is commercially available as an intramuscular injection as the product Delestrogen and is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause, for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure, and for the treatment of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only). Estradiol valerate is also available in combination with Dienogest as the commercially available product Natazia used for the prevention of pregnancy and for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Econazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans, Microsporum canis, Microsporum audouini, Microsporum gypseum, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis, and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Caspofungin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug, the first of a new class termed the echinocandins from Merck & Co., Inc. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting β(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall. Caspofungin is administered intravenously.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis in patients who are refractory to or intolerant of other therapies.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Estradiol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol Acetate is a pro-drug ester of Estradiol, a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol acetate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [10].Estradiol acetate is commercially available as Femring, a vaginal ring used for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause.The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol acetate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.
4. Indication:  Femring is indicated for the treatment of vasomotor and urogenital symptoms associated with menopause. Use of Femring (estradiol acetate) has been shown to improve symptoms caused by atrophy of the vagina (such as dryness, burning, pruritus and dyspareunia) and/or the lower urinary tract (urinary urgency and dysuria).
