DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carglumic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carglumic acid is an orphan drug used for the treatment of hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency. This rare genetic disorder results in elevated blood levels of ammonia, which can eventually cross the blood–brain barrier and cause neurologic problems, cerebral edema, coma, and death. Carglumic acid was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 18 March 2010.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase (NAGS) deficiency. This enzyme is an important component of the urea cycle to prevent build up of neurotoxic ammonium in the blood. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hydroxocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxocobalamin, also known as vitamin B12a and hydroxycobalamin, is an injectable form of vitamin B 12 that has been used therapeutically to treat vitamin B 12 deficiency. Other uses include cyanide poisoning, Leber's optic atrophy, and toxic amblyopia.
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia and the prevention and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency arising from alcoholism, malabsorption, tapeworm infestation, celiac, hyperthyroidism, hepatic-biliary tract disease, persistent diarrhea, ileal resection, pancreatic cancer, renal disease, prolonged stress, vegan diets, macrobiotic diets or other restrictive diets. Also for the treatment of known or suspected cyanide poisoning.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  L-Citrulline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Citrulline is an amino acid. It is made from ornithine and carbamoyl phosphate in one of the central reactions in the urea cycle. It is also produced from arginine as a by-product of the reaction catalyzed by NOS family. Its name is derived from citrullus, the Latin word for watermelon, from which it was first isolated.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  DLO6002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DLO6002 is developed by Summit Corporation and is in phase I of clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Iron Dextran
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Iron dextran is a dark brown, slightly viscous liquid complex of ferric hydroxide and dextran for intravenous or intramuscular use. Iron Dextran is used for the treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in which oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in whom oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. Also used to replenish body iron stores in Non-Dialysis Dependent-Chronic Kidney Disease (NDD-CKD) patients receiving or not receiving erythropoietin and in Hemodialysis Dependent (HDD-CKD) and Peritoneal Dialysis Dependent (PDD-CKD) - Chronic Kidney Disease patients receiving an erythropoietin.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Micafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, as well as esophageal candidiasis, and prophylaxis of Candida infections in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Micafungin is also used as an alternative for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiases and has been used with some success as primary or salvage therapy, alone or in combination with other antifungals, for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Macimorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Macimorelin, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, macimorelin is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels [3]. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer. Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function [5]. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies [3]. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test [3]. Macimorelin is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, macimorelin stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability [3].Macimorelin, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the diagnosis of adult growth hormone deficiency (AGHD) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sevelamer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sevelamer is a phosphate binding drug used to prevent hyperphosphataemia in patients with chronic renal failure. When taken with meals, sevelamer binds to dietary phosphate and prevents its absorption. It is marketed by Genzyme under the trade name Renagel.
4. Indication:  For the control of serum phosphorus in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) on hemodialysis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cerulenin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cerulenin is an antifungal antibiotic that inhibits sterol and fatty acid biosynthesis. In fatty acid synthesis, reported to bind in equimolar ratio to b-keto-acyl-ACP synthase. In sterol synthesis, inhibits HMG-CoA synthetase activity. It is also shown to inhibit feeding and induce dramatic weight loss in mice. It is found naturally in the Cephalosporium caerulensfungus. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use as a biochemical tool, Cerulenin is shown to cause dramatic weight loss in animals
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  2-Deoxy-D-Glucitol 6-(E)-Vinylhomophosphonate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iodide I-123
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodide I-123 (as sodium Iodide I-123) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, I-123 is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive I-123 in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131.
4. Indication:  Administration of Sodium Iodide I 123 Capsules is indicated as a diagnostic procedure to be used in evaluating thyroid function and/or morphology.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fosdevirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pamidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pamidronic acid (INN) or pamidronate disodium (USAN), marketed as pamidronate disodium pentahydrate under the brand name Aredia, is a bisphosphonate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate or severe hypercalcemia associated with malignancy
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Caspofungin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug, the first of a new class termed the echinocandins from Merck & Co., Inc. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting β(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall. Caspofungin is administered intravenously.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis in patients who are refractory to or intolerant of other therapies.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate is a solid. This compound belongs to the pentose phosphates. These are carbohydrate derivatives containing a pentose substituted by one or more phosphate groups. The proteins that 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate targets include 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate reductoisomerase and pyridoxine 5'-phosphate synthase. 1-Deoxy-D-xylulose 5-phosphate is an intermediate in the non-mevalonate pathway.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Diethylcarbamazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic used primarily as the citrate in the treatment of filariasis, particularly infestations with Wucheria bancrofti or Loa loa. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of individual patients with certain filarial diseases including tropical pulmonary eosinophilia, loiasis, and lymphatic filariasis caused by infection with Wuchereria bancrofti, Brugia malayi, or Brugia timori.
