DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Glycine betaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Betaine is a methyl group donor that functions in the normal metabolic cycle of methionine and reduces homocystinuria in patients with inborn errors of methionine metabolism. In the United States, betaine is distributed under the brand name Cystadane® by Rare Disease Therapeutics. Many reports have shown that betaine's therapeutic effectiveness is limited, and does not lower tHcy levels or prevent clinical symptoms [2].
4. Indication:  Betaine is indicated for the treatment of homocystinuria to decrease elevated homocysteine blood levels. Included within the category of homocystinuria are deficiencies or defects in: 1. cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), 2. 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), 3. cobalamin cofactor metabolism (cbl). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  L-Carnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
4. Indication:  For treatment of primary systemic carnitine deficiency, a genetic impairment of normal biosynthesis or utilization of levocarnitine from dietary sources, or for the treatment of secondary carnitine deficiency resulting from an inborn error of metabolism such as glutaric aciduria II, methyl malonic aciduria, propionic acidemia, and medium chain fatty acylCoA dehydrogenase deficiency. Used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. Parenteral levocarnitine is indicated for the prevention and treatment of carnitine deficiency in patients with end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pantethine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pantethine is a naturally occurring compound synthesized in the body from pantothenic acid (vitamin B5) via addition of cysteamine. It consists of two molecules of pantetheine that form a dimer via disufide linkages, and acts as an intermediate in the production of Coenzyme A. Coenzyme A plays an essential role as a cofactor in the metabolism of lipids and carbohydrates including fatty acid oxidation, carbohydrate metabolism, pyruvate degradation, and amino acid catabolism [2]. Pantethine is available as a dietary supplement for lowering blood cholesterol and triglycerides.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Etoposide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic derivative of podophyllotoxin that exhibits antitumor activity. Etoposide inhibits DNA synthesis by forming a complex with topoisomerase II and DNA. This complex induces breaks in double stranded DNA and prevents repair by topoisomerase II binding. Accumulated breaks in DNA prevent entry into the mitotic phase of cell division, and lead to cell death. Etoposide acts primarily in the G2 and S phases of the cell cycle. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of refractory testicular tumors and as first line treatment in patients with small cell lung cancer. Also used to treat other malignancies such as lymphoma, non-lymphocytic leukemia, and glioblastoma multiforme.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Glucose-6-Phosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An ester of glucose with phosphoric acid, made in the course of glucose metabolism by mammalian and other cells. It is a normal constituent of resting muscle and probably is in constant equilibrium with fructose-6-phosphate. (Stedman, 26th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Galactose-uridine-5'-diphosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A nucleoside diphosphate sugar which can be epimerized into UDPglucose for entry into the mainstream of carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a source of galactose in the synthesis of lipopolysaccharides, cerebrosides, and lactose.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Uridine diphosphate glucose
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Potassium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Potassium gluconate is a source of potassium that is consisted of potassium cations and the conjugate base of gluconic acid. It has the formula C6H11KO7. It is found in mineral supplements and sequestrants including OTC products to prevent potassium deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Magnesium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium gluconate is a magnesium salt of gluconate. It displays a high oral bioavailability of magnesium salt and is used as a magnesium supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Zinc gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Zinc gluconate is a zinc salt of gluconic acid comprised of two gluconic acid molecules for each zinc cation (2+). Zinc gluconate is a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) substance by FDA [8]. It is available as a trace mineral supplement and over the counter as a lozenge form for a reduced duration of common colds and with decreased symptom severity.Although it has been nasally administered for treating the common cold, this route of administration has been associated with some cases of anosmia [5], [1], [2], [6].Studies show that zinc may be better absorbed in humans in the gluconate form [4], however results from other studies may vary [9].Interestingly, zinc supplementation has become a critical intervention for treating diarrheal episodes in children. Studies suggest that administration of zinc along with new low osmolarity oral rehydration solutions/salts (oral rehydration solution), may reduce both the duration and severity of diarrheal episodes for up to 12 weeks [7].More information about Zinc (in its natural form) is available at Zinc.
4. Indication:  Zinc gluconate is mainly indicated in conditions like zinc deficiency, and can also be administered in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in diarrhea [14].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Alginic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Alginic acid, also referred to as algin or alginate, is a hydrophilic or anionic polysaccharide obtained from certain brown algae by alkaline extraction. The linear coploymer is consisted of covalently linked (1-4)-linked β-D-mannuronate (M) residues and its C-5 epimer α-L-guluronate (G) residues that form monomers in a consecutive or alternating fashion. Alginic acid is present in cell walls of brown algae where it forms a viscous gum when binding with water. Alginic acid is a colloid that is added to food products such as soups and soup mixes as an emulsifier, stabilizer, formulation aid or thickening agent. It is also added in pharmaceutical preparations such as Gaviscon to inhibit gastroesophageal reflux by binding with bicarbonate ions.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acarbose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An inhibitor of alpha glucosidase that retards the digestion and absorption of carbohydrates in the small intestine and hence reduces the increase in blood-glucose concentrations after a carbohydrate load. It is given orally to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients where diet modification or oral hypoglycemic agents do not control their condition. (From Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of diabetes type II (used in combination therapy as a second or third line agent)
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Monopotassium phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Monopotassium phosphate, MKP, (also potassium dihydrogenphosphate, KDP, or monobasic potassium phosphate), KH2PO4, is a soluble salt of potassium and the dihydrogen phosphate ion. It is a source of phosphorus and potassium. It is also a buffering agent. When used in fertilizer mixtures with urea and ammonium phosphates, it minimizes escape of ammonia by keeping the pH at a relatively low level.
4. Indication:  Used in buffers (determination of pH, pharmaceutical production, urinary acidifier, paper processing, baking powder, and food), nutrient solutions, yeast foods, special liquid fertilizers, sonar systems and other electronic applications;Used as a nutritional supplement in foods, a nonlinear optical material for laser use, and in wastewater treatment; 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Paromomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An oligosaccharide antibiotic produced by various streptomyces. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal amebiasis (it is not effective in extraintestinal amebiasis). Also for the management of hepatic coma as adjunctive therapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tagatose
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tagatose is a functional sweetener. It is a naturally occurring monosaccharide, specifically a hexose. It is often found in dairy products, and is very similar in texture to sucrose (table sugar) and is 92% as sweet, but with only 38% of the calories. It is approved as a food additive as a low calorie sweetener. Additionally, it is under investigation by Spherix for the treatment of obesity and type II diabetes.
4. Indication:  Intended for use as a therapeutic adjunct in the treatment of type II diabetes.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Teicoplanin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic. It is a mixture of several compounds, five major (named teicoplanin A2-1 through A2-5) and four minor (named teicoplanin RS-1 through RS-4). All teicoplanins share a same glycopeptide core, termed teicoplanin A3-1, a fused ring structure to which two carbohydrates (mannose and N-acetylglucosamine) are attached. The major and minor components also contain a third carbohydrate moiety, β-D-glucosamine, and differ only by the length and conformation of a side chain attached to it.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  N-Acetylglucosamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoarthritis, by itself or in combination with chondroitin sulfate.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  IGN301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IGN301 is a cancer vaccine based on an anti-idiotypic antibody which provokes an immune response to Lewis Y. Lewis Y is a carbohydrate molecule expressed on the surface of tumor cells of epithelial origin (e.g. lung, intestinal, breast, prostate or ovarian cancers).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Fludrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic mineralocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is a hydrated form of anhydrous magnesium acetate salt with the chemical formula of Mg(CH3COO)2 • 4H2O. As a salt form of magnesium, magnesium acetate is one of the bioavailable forms of magnesium and forms a very water soluble compound. Magnesium is an essential element and second most abundant cation in the body that plays a key role in maintaining normal cellular function such as production of ATP and efficient enzyme activity. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate can be used as an electrolyte supplementation or a reagent in molecular biology experiments.
4. Indication:  Used as magnesium salf-containing laxatives to prevent constipation. It can bring synergistic effect to restore normal bowel function when using in combination with aluminum salts that induce bowel retention [8]. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is used as a source of water and electrolytes when combined with dextrose and other salts to form intravenous infusions. This injection can be used for patients with carbohydrate or magnesium deficiency, insulin hypoglycemia, constipation or hypertension during pregnancy.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Calcium Gluceptate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium supplements such as calcium gluceptate are taken by individuals who are unable to get enough calcium in their regular diet or who have a need for more calcium. They are used to prevent or treat several conditions that may cause hypocalcemia (not enough calcium in the blood). The body needs calcium to make strong bones. Calcium is also needed for the heart, muscles, and nervous system to work properly.
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild hypocalcemia due to neonatal tetany, tetany due to parathyroid deficiency or vitamin D deficiency, and alkalosis, as prophylaxis of hypocalcemia during exchange transfusions, in the treatment of intestinal malabsorption, and to replenish electrolytes.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Spiramycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spiramycin is a macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against gram-positive organisms, including Streptococcus pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), S. viridans, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide. It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens. As a preparation for oral administration it has been used since 1955, in 1987 also the parenteral form was introduced into practice.The antibacterial spectrum comprises Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium species. Enterobacteria, pseudomonads and pathogenic moulds are resistant. Its action is mainly bacteriostatic, on highly sensitive strains it exerts a bactericide action.
4. Indication:  Macrolide antibiotic for treatment of various infections.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sucralfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A basic aluminum complex of sulfated sucrose. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment (up to 8 weeks) of active duodenal ulcer, as well as maintenance therapy for duodenal ulcer patients at reduced dosage (1 gram twice a day) after healing of acute ulcers. Also used for the short-term treatment of gastric ulcer.
