DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Solanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solanezumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  JNJ-28330835
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gantenerumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gantenerumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bococizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bococizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Cardiovascular Disease, and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dexrazoxane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.
4. Indication:  For reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with metastatic breast cancer who have received a cumulative doxorubicin hydrochloride dose of 300 mg/m^2 and would benefit from continued doxorubicin therapy. Also approved for the treatment of extravasation from intravenous anthracyclines.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Evolocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Evolocumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of hyperlipidemia by Amgen. It is a subcutaneous injection approved by the FDA for individuals on maximum statin therapy who still require additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. It is approved for both homozygous and heterozygous familial cholesterolemia as an adjunct to other first-line therapies. Evolocumab is a human IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9). PCSK9 is a protein that targets LDL receptors for degradation, therefore reducing the liver's ability to remove LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), or "bad" cholesterol, from the blood. Evolocumab is designed to bind to PCSK9 and inhibit PCSK9 from binding to LDL receptors on the liver surface, resulting in more LDL receptors on the surface of the liver to remove LDL-C from the blood. Evolocumab is the second PCSK9 inhibitor on the market, first being alirocumab.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of heterozygous/homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients on maximum tolerated statin therapy requiring additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lomitapide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients. It is marketed under the name Juxtapid (R).
4. Indication:  Used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), apolipoprotein B (apo B), and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tafamidis
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tafamidis is a novel specific transthyretin (TTR) stabilizer or dissociation inhibitor. TTR is a tetramer that is responsible in transporting the retinol-binding protein-vitamin A complex and minimally transporting thyroxine in the blood. In TTR-related disorders such as transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP), tetramer dissociation is accelerated that results in unregulated amyloidogenesis and amyloid fibril formation. Eventually the failure of autonomic and peripheral nervous system is induced. Tafamidis was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2011 under the market name Vyndaqel for the treatment of transthyretin familial amyloid polyneuropathy (TTR-FAP) in adult patients with early-stage symptomatic polyneuropathy to delay peripheral neurologic impairment. Tafamidis is an investigational drug under the FDA and in June 2017, Pfizer received FDA Fast Track Designation for tafamidis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Phenindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to warfarin, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p234)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, mural thrombosis, and thrombophili. Also used for anticoagulant prophylaxis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ezetimibe
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ezetimibe is an anti-hyperlipidemic medication which is used to lower cholesterol levels. Specifically, it appears to bind to a critical mediator of cholesterol absorption, the Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1) protein on the gastrointestinal tract epithelial cells as well as in hepatocytes.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated total-C, LDL-C, and Apo B in patients with primary (heterozygous familial and non-familial) hypercholesterolemia.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pyruvic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An intermediate compound in the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. In thiamine deficiency, its oxidation is retarded and it accumulates in the tissues, especially in nervous structures. (From Stedman, 26th ed)
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Rilonacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old. 
4. Indication:  Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Doxazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxazosin is a quinazoline-derivative that selectively antagonizes postsynaptic α1-adrenergic receptors. It may be used to mild to moderate hypertension and in the management of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction symptoms caused by BPH.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Mipomersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mipomersen sodium, which was known as the investigational drug, isis-301012, is the salt form of a synthetic phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. Mipomersen sodium prevents the formation of apo B-100, resulting in a decrease in the levels of apolipoprotein B (apo B), low density lipoprotein (LDL), and total cholesterol. Mipomersen is indicated in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid-lowering medications. It is marketed under the brand name Kynamro in the United States, and the FDA label includes a black box warning of hepatoxicity. Specifically, elevations in the liver enzymes, i.e. transaminases, and in liver fat (hepatic steatosis) have been reported. Due to this serious risk of liver toxicity, mipomersen sodium is only available to patients under the restricted program called Kynamro™ Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program.
4. Indication:  Used in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid-lowering medications.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Alirocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alirocumab is a biopharmaceutical drug approved by the FDA in July 2015 as a second line treatment for high cholesterol for adults whose LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) is not controlled by diet and statin treatment. It is a human monoclonal antibody administered by subcutaneous injection that belongs to a novel class of anti-cholesterol drugs, known as PCSK9 inhibitors, and it was the first such agent to receive FDA approval. The FDA approval was contingent on the completion of further clinical trials to better determine efficacy and safety. PCSK9 inhibition facilitates more LDL-C clearance from the blood.
4. Indication:  Alirocumab is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy in adults who require additional LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering due to heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Rosuvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rosuvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reducuase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Rosuvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to treat primary hyperlipidemia (heterozygous familial and nonfamilial), mixed dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Also indicated for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering therapies or when other such therapies are not available. Furthermore, it is used to slow the progression of atherosclerosis and for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. 
