DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dexrazoxane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.
4. Indication:  For reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with metastatic breast cancer who have received a cumulative doxorubicin hydrochloride dose of 300 mg/m^2 and would benefit from continued doxorubicin therapy. Also approved for the treatment of extravasation from intravenous anthracyclines.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Phenindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to warfarin, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p234)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, mural thrombosis, and thrombophili. Also used for anticoagulant prophylaxis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pyruvic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An intermediate compound in the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. In thiamine deficiency, its oxidation is retarded and it accumulates in the tissues, especially in nervous structures. (From Stedman, 26th ed)
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cyclobenzaprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant and a central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Cyclobenzaprine acts on the locus coeruleus where it results in increased norepinephrine release, potentially through the gamma fibers which innervate and inhibit the alpha motor neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. It is structurally similar to Amitriptyline, differing by only one double bond.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mepenzolate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mepenzolate is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It decreases gastric acid and pepsin secretion and suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Mepenzolate diminishes gastric acid and pepsin secretion. Mepenzolate also suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Pharmacologically, it is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It has not been shown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It has not beenshown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Methysergide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that is a congener of lysergic acid diethylamide. It antagonizes the effects of serotonin in blood vessels and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, but has few of the properties of other ergot alkaloids. Methysergide is used prophylactically in migraine and other vascular headaches and to antagonize serotonin in the carcinoid syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vascular headache
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iohexol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Iohexol ia used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Clemastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fenfluramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension, including a condition known as cardiac fibrosis.
4. Indication:  For the management of exogenous obesity as a short-term (a few weeks) adjunct in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Solifenacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Solifenacin (rINN), marketed as solifenacin succinate under the trade name Vesicare, is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with urge incontinence. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Methylscopolamine bromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer. Also used to treat nausea and vomiting due to motion sickness.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Osimertinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Osimertinib is an oral, third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) drug developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. Its use is indicated for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in cases where tumour EGFR expression is positive for the T790M mutation as detected by FDA-approved testing and which has progressed following therapy with a first-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Approximately 10% of patients with NSCLC have a rapid and clinically effective response to EGFR-TKIs due to the presence of specific activating EGFR mutations within the tumour cells. More specifically, deletions around the LREA motif in exon 19 and exon 21 L858R point mutations are correlated with response to therapy. Development of third-generation EGFR-TKIs, such as osimertinib, has been in response to altered tumour resistance patterns following treatment and toxic side effects that impact patient quality of life. Treatment with first-generation EGFR-TKIs (gefitinib and erlotinib) has been associated with the development of resistance through activating mutations in the EGFR gene. Second-generation EGFR-TKIs (afatinib and dacomitinib) were then developed to be more potent inhibitors, although their use is associated with increased toxicity through nonspecific targeting of wild-type EGFR. In contrast, third-generation inhibitors are specific for the gate-keeper T790M mutations which increases ATP binding activity to EGFR and result in poor prognosis for late-stage disease. Furthermore, osimertinib has been shown to spare wild-type EGFR during therapy, thereby reducing non-specific binding and limiting toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Osimertinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as detected by an FDA- approved test, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hyoscyamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hyoscyamine is a chemical compound, a tropane alkaloid it is the levo-isomer to atropine. It is a secondary metabolite of some plants, particularly henbane (Hyoscamus niger.)Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in end of life care.
4. Indication:  For treatment of bladder spasms, peptic ulcer disease, diverticulitis, colic, irritable bowel syndrome, cystitis, and pancreatitis. Also used to treat certain heart conditions, to control the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and rhinitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Semaglutide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Semaglutide is a once-daily glucagon-like peptide-1 analog that differs to others by the presence of an acyl group with a steric diacid at Lys26 and a large synthetic spacer and modified by the presence of a α-aminobutyric acid in position 8 which gives stability against the dipeptidylpeptidase-4.[1] The stability of semaglutide by the acylation permits a high-affinity albumin binding and gives it a long plasma half-life which allows the once-daily dosage. It was developed by the Danish pharmaceutical company Novo Nordisk and FDA approved on December 5, 2017.[6]
4. Indication:  Semaglutide is indicated to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus as an adjunct of diet and exercise. The approved therapeutic doses are 0.5 mg and 1 mg.[7] Diabetes mellitus type 2 is a long-term metabolic disorder characterized by high blood sugar, insulin resistance and lack of insulin. Its onset is determined by the loss ability of beta cells to respond to an increased plasma glucose. This disease is predominantly caused by lifestyle factors like overweight and obesity. The key feature on type 2 diabetes is the presence of insulin resistance which reduced the capacity of insulin to exert its functions at normal at any given concentration. The secretion of insulin is stimulated by the action of incretins in the gut like glucagon-like peptide 1, which also delays gastric emptying and induces satiety, and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide.[5]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Morphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The principal alkaloid in opium and the prototype opiate analgesic and narcotic. Morphine has widespread effects in the central nervous system and on smooth muscle. In January, 2017, morphine was approved for the treatment of chronic pain.
4. Indication:  For the relief and treatment of severe pain.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Atropine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An alkaloid, originally from Atropa belladonna, but found in other plants, mainly solanaceae. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning by susceptible organophosphorous nerve agents having anti-cholinesterase activity (cholinesterase inhibitors) as well as organophosphorous or carbamate insecticides.
