DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Oltipraz
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oltipraz has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Liver Fibrosis, Liver Cirrhosis, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dexrazoxane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.
4. Indication:  For reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with metastatic breast cancer who have received a cumulative doxorubicin hydrochloride dose of 300 mg/m^2 and would benefit from continued doxorubicin therapy. Also approved for the treatment of extravasation from intravenous anthracyclines.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fluorescein lisicol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluorescein lisicol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Pharmacokinetics, Hepatic Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, Viral, Human, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pradigastat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pradigastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pyruvic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An intermediate compound in the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats. In thiamine deficiency, its oxidation is retarded and it accumulates in the tissues, especially in nervous structures. (From Stedman, 26th ed)
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to warfarin, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p234)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, mural thrombosis, and thrombophili. Also used for anticoagulant prophylaxis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Rhein
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [1]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Iodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molecualar iodine has been developed by Symbollon Pharmaceuticals. It is a potential treatment for moderate to severe cyclic pain and tenderness (clinical mastalgia) associated with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast disorders (unspecified) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Osimertinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Osimertinib is an oral, third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) drug developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. Its use is indicated for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in cases where tumour EGFR expression is positive for the T790M mutation as detected by FDA-approved testing and which has progressed following therapy with a first-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Approximately 10% of patients with NSCLC have a rapid and clinically effective response to EGFR-TKIs due to the presence of specific activating EGFR mutations within the tumour cells. More specifically, deletions around the LREA motif in exon 19 and exon 21 L858R point mutations are correlated with response to therapy. Development of third-generation EGFR-TKIs, such as osimertinib, has been in response to altered tumour resistance patterns following treatment and toxic side effects that impact patient quality of life. Treatment with first-generation EGFR-TKIs (gefitinib and erlotinib) has been associated with the development of resistance through activating mutations in the EGFR gene. Second-generation EGFR-TKIs (afatinib and dacomitinib) were then developed to be more potent inhibitors, although their use is associated with increased toxicity through nonspecific targeting of wild-type EGFR. In contrast, third-generation inhibitors are specific for the gate-keeper T790M mutations which increases ATP binding activity to EGFR and result in poor prognosis for late-stage disease. Furthermore, osimertinib has been shown to spare wild-type EGFR during therapy, thereby reducing non-specific binding and limiting toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Osimertinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as detected by an FDA- approved test, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
