DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pitolisant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pitolisant is also known as 1-{3-[3-(4-chlorophenyl)propoxy]propyl}piperidine or BF2.649 [4]. It is a selective inverse agonist of the histamine H3 receptor that is used in the treatment of type 1 or 2 narcolepsy with or without cataplexy in adults. Narcolepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that that affects 1 in 2,000 individuals and is characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness, abnormal REM sleep manifestations, sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations [4]. About 60-70% of patients with narcolepsy experience cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by positive or negative emotion [1]. As histaminergic signalling in neurons plays a role in maintaining wakefulness, pitolisant works by blocking histamine autoreceptors and enhancing the activity of brain histaminergic neurons [5]. In a European clinical trial of adult patients with narcolepsy, a reduction in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) score was observed from pitolisant treatment compared to placebo [3]. The therapeutic effectiveness of pitolisant was comparable to that of Modafinil [3]. Pitolisant therapy was also effective in treating refractory sleepiness in adolescent patients with narcolepsy, where it decreased ESS score and increased the mean sleep onset latency [2]. Adolescent patients with cataplexy also experienced a slight improvement in the frequency and severity of symptoms [2], however the safety of use in adolescent or paediatric patients have not been established with pitolisant. Pitolisant is marketed by EMA under the trade name Wakix as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults for the treatment of narcolepsy with or without cataplexy [5].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium oxybate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium oxybate (Xyrem) is a central nervous system depressant used for the treatment of cataplexy and extreme daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy. It is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) which is an endogenous compound and a metabolite of the neurotransmitter GABA. The exact mechanism of action for treating EDS and cataplexy is not known but is is hypothesised that its therapeutic effects are due to GABA(B) effects on noradrenergic, dopaminaergic and thalamocorticol neurons. The drug follows non-linear pharmacokinetics. As it has been associated with misuse/abuse it is strictly controlled and all patients and prescribers must enroll in the sodium oxybate REMs program in order to gain access to the medication.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Gamma Hydroxybutyric Acid, commonly abbreviated GHB, is a therapeutic drug which is illegal in multiple countries. It is currently regulated in the US and sold by Jazz Pharmaceuticals under the name Xyrem. However, it is important to note that GHB is a designated Orphan drug (in 1985). Today Xyrem is a Schedule III drug; however GHB remains a Schedule I drug and the illicit use of Xyrem falls under penalties of Schedule I. GHB is a naturally occurring substance found in the central nervous system, wine, beef, small citrus fruits and almost all other living creatures in small amounts. It is used illegally under the street names Juice, Liquid Ecstasy or simply G, either as an intoxicant, or as a date rape drug. Xyrem is a central nervous system depressant that reduces excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy in patients with narcolepsy.
4. Indication:  Used as a general anesthetic, to treat conditions such as insomnia, clinical depression, narcolepsy, and alcoholism, and to improve athletic performance. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Suvorexant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Suvorexant is a selective dual antagonist of orexin receptors OX1R and OX2R that promotes sleep by reducing wakefulness and arousal. It has been approved for the treatment of insomnia. 
4. Indication:  Suvorexant is indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.
