DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Reglixane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Reglixane, an isoxazolidine-3,5-dione derivative, is being developed by Pfizer for the treatment of diabetes. It is the first non-thiazolidenedione to enter clinical trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Trypan blue
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trypan blue is a diazo dye used in ophthalmic cataract surgery to stain the anterior capsule in the presence of a mature cataract, to aid in visualization, before creating the continuous curvilinear capsulorhexis.
4. Indication:  Trypan blue is indicated for use as an aid in ophthalmic surgery by staining the epiretinal membranes during ophthalmic surgical vitrectomy procedures, facilitating removal of the tissue. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acetylcholine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neurotransmitter. Acetylcholine in vertebrates is the major transmitter at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. It is generally not used as an administered drug because it is broken down very rapidly by cholinesterases, but it is useful in some ophthalmological applications. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to obtain miosis of the iris in seconds after delivery of the lens in cataract surgery, in penetrating keratoplasty, iridectomy and other anterior segment surgery where rapid miosis may be required.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rimexolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rimexolone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat inflammation in the eye. It is marketed as a 1% eye drop solution under the trade name Vexol
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation following ocular surgery and in the treatment of anterior uveitis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Bromfenac
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromfenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for ophthalmic use. Ophthalmic NSAIDs are becoming a cornerstone for the management of ocular pain and inflammation. Their well-characterized anti-inflammatory activity, analgesic property, and established safety record have also made NSAIDs an important tool to optimize surgical outcomes.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation in patients who have undergone cataract extraction.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lutein
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Lutein is an xanthophyll and one of 600 known naturally occurring carotenoids. Lutein is synthesized only by plants and like other xanthophylls is found in high quantities in green leafy vegetables such as spinach, kale and yellow carrots. In green plants, xanthophylls act to modulate light energy and serve as non-photochemical quenching agents to deal with triplet chlorophyll (an excited form of chlorophyll), which is overproduced at very high light levels, during photosynthesis.
4. Indication:  Xanthophylls are taken for nutritional supplementation, and also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
