DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fondaparinux
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fondaparinux is under investigation for the treatment of Superficial Vein Thrombosis. Fondaparinux has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Thromboembolism, Pulmonary Embolism, Thrombosis, Venous, Deep Vein Thrombosis, and Fibrillation, Atrial, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Erwinaze (asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi) contains an asparaginase specific enzyme derived from Erwinia chrysanthemi [4]. Specifically, this L-asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme consisting of four identical subunits, each having a molecular weight of about 35 kDa [4]. The activity of Erwinaze is expressed in terms of International Units. It is an antineoplastic agent and was FDA approved in November 19, 2011 [4].
4. Indication:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that have developed a hypersensitivity to E. coli-derivied asparaginase [4]. It is a component of a multi-agent chemotherpeutic regimen [4] for the treatment of the aforementioned disease and is considered second- or third- line treatment in European and American protocols [1]. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Certoparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Certoparin is a low molecular weight heparin, primarily active against factor Xa. Like other low molecular weight heparins, it is used to prevent deep venous thrombosis.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pseudoephedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist that may also enhance release of norepinephrine. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including asthma, heart failure, rhinitis, and urinary incontinence, and for its central nervous system stimulatory effects in the treatment of narcolepsy and depression. It has become less extensively used with the advent of more selective agonists.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Chlorphenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rhinitis, urticaria, allergy, common cold, asthma and hay fever.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  SR-123781A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR-123781A is a synthetic hexadecasaccharide Factor IIa and Xa antagonist. It is under investigation by Sanofi-Aventis and Organon for the treatment of thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes (ACS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, thrombosis, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Oxymetazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A direct acting sympathomimetic used as a vasoconstrictor to relieve nasal congestion. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1251)
4. Indication:  For treatment of nasal congestion and redness associated with minor irritations of the eye
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pegnivacogin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AZD-9684
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AZD-9684 is the first member of a new anti-thrombotic class (CPU inhibitors). It is being developed by AstraZeneca.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Amediplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction and thrombosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Guaifenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LJP 1082
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, strokes, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  APD791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  APD791 is an oral anti-thrombotic drug candidate being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial by Arena. APD791 is intended to lower the risk of arterial thrombosis by reducing the amplification of platelet aggregation, arterial constriction and intimal hyperplasia mediated by serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of arterial thrombosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Idraparinux
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis, venous thromboembolism, strokes, heart disease, and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Parnaparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parnaparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of low molecular weight heparins.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Naproxen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Dofetilide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in individuals prone to the formation of atrial fibrillation and flutter, and for the chemical cardioversion to sinus rhythm from atrial fibrillation and flutter.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm (delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter [AF/AFl]) in patients with atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter of greater than one week duration who have been converted to normal sinus rhythm
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Doxylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ardeparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ardeparin, marketed under the US trade name Normiflo, is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) anticoagulant used for the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis. Ardeparin is derived via peroxide degradation of heparin extracted from porcine intestinal mucosa. Its molecular weight ranges from 2000 to 15,000 with an average molecular weight of 5500 to 6500. Normiflo was withdrawn from the US market in March 2000.
4. Indication:  For prevention of deep vein thrombosis, which may result in pulmonary embolism, following knee surgery.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Regrelor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac surgery, coronary artery disease, thrombosis, and transfusion.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Odiparcil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atrial fibrillation, cardiovascular disorders, thrombosis, and venous thromboembolism.
