DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PF-04995274
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pf 04995274 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01193062 (Study In Healthy Subjects To Evaluate The Changes In The Protein sAPP-Alpha In Cerebrospinal Fluid Following A Single Oral Dose Of PF-04995274).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ziconotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziconotide (SNX-111; Prialt) is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain. Derived from Conus magus (Cone Snail), it is the synthetic form of an ω-conotoxin peptide. In December 2004 the Food and Drug Administration approved ziconotide when delivered as an infusion into the cerebrospinal fluid using an intrathecal pump system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methazolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma and acute angle-closure glaucoma
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Indium In-111 pentetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In-111 pentetate disodium is a radioactive diagnostic indicated for use in radionuclide cisternography. Decay of In-111 by electron capture allows for detection with a gamma camera for visualization of the brain and spinal column.
4. Indication:  Pentetate Indium Disodium In 111 is recommended for use in radionuclide cisternography.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Asparaginase Escherichia coli
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asparaginase derived from Escherichia coli (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from E. coli has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [1, 2]. L-asparaginase of E. coli is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from E. coli works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [3]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is recommended [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Iohexol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Iohexol ia used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lumacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumacaftor is a drug used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 6 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, a transmembrane ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes of the lungs, pancreas, and other organs. Mutations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the CFTR protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes [3, 4]. As a result, CF patients produce a thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition [5]. Lumacaftor improves CF symptoms and underlying disease pathology by aiding the conformational stability of F508del-mutated CFTR proteins, preventing misfolding and resulting in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms [FDA Label]. This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi [8]. Improvements in lung function (ppFEV1) were found to be statistically significant, but minimal, with only a 2.6-3.0% change from baseline with more than 70% of patients failing to achieve an absolute improvement of at least 5% [8, 9].A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR, or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes [6]. When used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is specific for the management of CF in patients with delta-F508 mutations as it acts as a protein-folding chaperone, aiding the conformational stability of the mutated CFTR protein. Consequently, lumacaftor increases successful production of CFTR ion channels and the total number of receptors available for use at the cell membrane for fluid and ion transport [2]. The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide, is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered [7]. Treatment of patients with G551D and other rarer missense mutations is usually managed with Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), as it aids with altered gating mechanisms by potentiating channel opening probability of CFTR protein.Prior to the development of lumacaftor and Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process. Approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration in July 2015 and by Health Canada in January 2016, Orkambi was the first combination product approved for the management of Cystic Fibrosis with delta-F508 mutations.Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  When given in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is indicated for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF) in patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene [FDA Label].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ocrelizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ocrelizumab is a CD20-directed cytolytic antibody indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsing or primary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis. It is a second-generation recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively targets the B lymphocytes that express the CD20 antigen. As a humanized molecule, ocrelizumab is expected to be less immunogenic with repeated infusions which improves the benefit-to-risk profile for patients with relapsing or progressive forms of MS. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory, autoimmune disease of the central nervous system that leads to neurological disabilities and significantly reduced quality of life [5]. Most patients with MS experience episodes of relapses with worsening function, followed by recovery periods, or remissions. Primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS) accounts for 10-15% of the overall population of patients with MS, and involves gradual worsening of neurologic disability from symptom onset, often without early relapses or remissions [4].Developed by Genentech/Roche, ocrelizumab was approved by the FDA in March 2017 under the market name Ocrevustm for intravenous injection. It was later approved by Health Canada (as Ocrevus) in August 2017, making the drug the first available treatment for PPMS in both U.S. and Canada. In clinical trials of patients with relapsing forms of MS, treatment with ocrelizumab resulted in reduced relapse rates and reduced worsening of disability compared to interferon beta-1a [5]. In phase 3 clinical trials of patients with PPMS, treatment with ocrelizumab demonstrated lower rates of clinical and MRI progression than placebo [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing or primary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ketamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist with a potent anesthetic effect.[6] It was developed in 1963 as a replacement for phencyclidine (PCP) by Calvin Stevens at Parke Davis Laboratories. It started being used for veterinary purposes in Belgium and in 1964 was proven that compared to PCP, it produced minor hallucinogenic effects and shorter psychotomimetic effects. It was FDA approved in 1970, and from there, it has been used as an anesthetic for children or patients undergoing minor surgeries but mainly for veterinary purposes.[14]
4. Indication:  Ketamine is indicated as an anesthetic agent for recommended diagnostic and surgical procedures. If skeletal muscle relaxation is needed, it should be combined with a muscle relaxant. If the surgical procedure involves visceral pain, it should be supplemented with an agent that obtunds visceral pain. Ketamine can be used for induction of anesthesia prior other general anesthetic agents and as a supplement of low potency agents.[15]Reports have indicated a potential use of ketamine as a therapeutic tool for the management of depression when administered in lower doses.[7] These reports have increased the interest for ketamine in this area and several clinical trials are launched for this indication.[16, 8]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Propacetamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Propacetamol is a non-opioid analgesic devoid of the major contraindications.[1] It is a derivative of paracetamol with the molecular formula glycine, N, N-diethyl-,4-(acetylamino)phenyl ester. Propacetamol is a parenteral formulation of paracetamol and thus, it is a prodrug that is completely hydrolyzed to paracetamol.[3] It is not available in the United States but this prodrug has been widely used in other countries such as France since 1985.[5]
4. Indication:  Propacetamol is a paracetamol prodrug of intravenous administration used to control fever and pain of perioperative period in multimodal analgesia therapy.[7]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Rupatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rupatadine is a dual histamine H1 receptor and platelet activating factor receptor antagonist that is used for symptomatic relief in seasonal and perennial rhinitis as well as chronic spontaneous urticaria. It was approved for marketing in Canada under the tradename Rupall and comes in tablet formulation for adult use and liquid formulation for pediatric use.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of nasal and non-nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients 2 years of age and older [FDA Label]. Also used for the symptomatic relief of chronic spontaneous urticaria in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Clemastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is an active immunization against disease caused by influenza virus subtypes A and type B for intramuscular injection. The vaccine is prepared from influenza virus propagated in the allantoic fluid of embryonated chicken eggs where the virus is purified and inactivated by formaldehyde.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acrivastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acrivastine is a triprolidine analog antihistamine indicated for the treatment of allergies and hay fever. As an H1 receptor antagonist, it functions by blocking the action of histamine at this receptor thereby preventing the symptoms associated with histamine release such as pruritis, vasodilation, hypotension, edema, bronchoconstriction, and tachycardia. Acrivastine is currently available in combination with pseudoephedrine as the FDA-approved product Semprex-D. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus, lacrimation, and nasal congestion.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pinacidil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinacidil is a cyanoguanidine drug that opens ATP-sensitive potassium channels producing peripheral vasodilatation of arterioles. It reduces blood pressure and peripheral resistance and produces fluid retention.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tigapotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tigapotide is a synthetic 15-mer peptide that is derived from the natural sequence of amino acids of the prostate secretory protein (PSP94), one of three predominant proteins found in human seminal fluid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of late stage Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer (HRPC) for which no effective therapy currently exists.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lubiprostone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lubiprostone is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. It is a bicyclic fatty acid (prostaglandin E1 derivative) which acts by specifically activating ClC-2 chloride channels on the apical aspect of gastrointestinal epithelial cells, producing a chloride-rich fluid secretion. These secretions soften the stool, increase motility, and promote spontaneous bowel movements (SBM).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the adult population. Also used for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation in women who are 18 years of age or older.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Flunisolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flunisolide (marketed as AeroBid, Nasalide, Nasarel) is a corticosteroid often prescribed as treatment for allergic rhinitis. The principle mechanism of action of flunisolide is to activate glucocorticoid receptors. It also has anti-inflammatory action.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of asthma as a prophylactic therapy.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sodium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sodium Sulfate Anhydrous is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of sulfuric acid. Sodium sulfate anhydrous disassociates in water to provide sodium ions and sulfate ions. Sodium ion is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in the therapy of fluid and electrolyte disturbances. Sodium sulfate anhydrous is an electrolyte replenisher and is used in isosmotic solutions so that administration does not disturb normal electrolyte balance and does not lead to absorption or excretion of water and ions.
4. Indication:  indicated for bowel cleansing prior to colonoscopy or barium enema X-ray examination.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Etacrynic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A compound that inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. This compound has been classified as a loop or high ceiling diuretic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and edema caused by diseases like congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure.
