DrugId:  1
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Exametazime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Exametazime is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical agent commonly used for the preparation of Tc99m Exametazime injection. It acts as a chelating agent for the radioisotope technetium-99m to form a cationic complex. It is used in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion and for the radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Papaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nicaraven
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebrovascular disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Xenon-133
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Xenon-133 is an isotope of xenon. It is a radionuclide that is inhaled to assess pulmonary function, and to image the lungs. It is also used to image blood flow, particularly in the brain.
4. Indication:  Inhalation of Xenon Xe 133 Gas has proved valuable for the evaluation of pulmonary function and for imaging the lungs. It may also be applied to assessment of cerebral flow. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ergoloid mesylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ergoloid mesylate is a dihydrogenated ergot (Claviceps purpurea) derivative alkaloid used as a vasodilator agent. Ergoloid Mesylate is the only vasodilator that has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. Ergoloid Mesylate is a mixture of three different ergotamantriones: dihydroergocornine, dihydroergocristine, and dihydroergocryptine. It has been proposed to be a neuroprotective agent. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not clear.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct therapy for patients with dementia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec, and is used by nuclear medicine physicians for the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime, also known as hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime or HMPAO, acts as a chelating agent for the Tc-99m radioisotope.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc99m exametazime scintigraphy (with or without methylene blue stabilization) may be useful as an adjunct in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke. Tc99m exametazime without methylene blue stabilization is indicated for leukocyte labeled scintigraphy as an adjunct in the localization of intra-abdominal infection and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nicergoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of senile dementia, migraines of vascular origin, transient ischemia, platelet hyper-aggregability, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vincamine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Vincamine is a monoterpenoid indole alkaloid obtained from the leaves of Vinca minor with a vasodilatory property. Studies indicate that vincamine increases the regional cerebral blood flow.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ioversol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ioversol is an organoiodine compound used as a diagnostic contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content, as well as several hydrophilic groups.
4. Indication:  Optiray 350 is indicated in adults for peripheral and coronary arteriography and left ventriculography. Optiray 350 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, intravenous excretory urography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and venography. Optiray 350 is indicated in children for angiocardiography.Optiray 320 is indicated in adults for angiography throughout the cardiovascular system. The uses include cerebral, coronary, peripheral, visceral and renal arteriography, venography, aortography, and left ventriculography. Optiray 320 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 320 is indicated in children for angiocardiography, contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 300 is indicated for cerebral angiography and peripheral arteriography. Optiray 300 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, venography, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 240 is indicated for cerebral angiography and venography. Optiray 240 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body and intravenous excretory urography.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Theodrenaline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Theodrenaline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01311414 (Effect of Cafedrine/Theodrenaline and Urapidil on Cerebral Oxygenation).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Artemotil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Artemotil (INN; also known as β-arteether), is a fast acting blood schizonticide specifically indicated for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant Plasmodium falciparum malaria and cerebral malaria cases. It is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin, a natural product of the Chinese plant Artemisia annua.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Zanapezil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Zanapezil (TAK-147) is a selective acetylcholine (ACh) esterase inhibitor under investigation as a drug for Alzheimer's disease (AD) treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dementia in subjects with Alzheimer’s disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Arundic acid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arundic acid has been investigated for the treatment of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Indium In-111 pentetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In-111 pentetate disodium is a radioactive diagnostic indicated for use in radionuclide cisternography. Decay of In-111 by electron capture allows for detection with a gamma camera for visualization of the brain and spinal column.
4. Indication:  Pentetate Indium Disodium In 111 is recommended for use in radionuclide cisternography.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dapoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Repinotan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Repinotan is a high-affinity, selective, full agonist of the 5HT1A-receptor subtype with neuroprotective properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes, cerebral ischemia, and depression.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cafedrine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cafedrine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01311414 (Effect of Cafedrine/Theodrenaline and Urapidil on Cerebral Oxygenation).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  PPI-1019
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Apan (PPI-1019) is developed by Praecis Pharmaceuticals to treat Alzheimer's Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iopromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography. 
4. Indication:  Iopromide, as the product Iovist, is indicated for use as an X-ray contrast agent in the following procedures:Intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA) (150 mg I/mL)Cerebral arteriography and peripheral arteriography (300 mg I/mL)Coronary arteriography and left ventriculography, visceral angiography and aortography (370 mg I/mL)Peripheral venography (240 mg I/mL)Excretory urography (300 mg I/mL)Contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging of head and body (300 mg I/mL and 370 mg I/mL) 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dezocine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dezocine is a partial opiate drug and is used for pain management. Dezocine is a very effective alternative to fentanyl when administered during outpatient laparoscopy, although is associated with an increased incidence of postoperative nausea. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of moderate to severe pain.
