DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PF-04995274
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pf 04995274 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01193062 (Study In Healthy Subjects To Evaluate The Changes In The Protein sAPP-Alpha In Cerebrospinal Fluid Following A Single Oral Dose Of PF-04995274).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ziconotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziconotide (SNX-111; Prialt) is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain. Derived from Conus magus (Cone Snail), it is the synthetic form of an ω-conotoxin peptide. In December 2004 the Food and Drug Administration approved ziconotide when delivered as an infusion into the cerebrospinal fluid using an intrathecal pump system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methazolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma and acute angle-closure glaucoma
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Indium In-111 pentetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In-111 pentetate disodium is a radioactive diagnostic indicated for use in radionuclide cisternography. Decay of In-111 by electron capture allows for detection with a gamma camera for visualization of the brain and spinal column.
4. Indication:  Pentetate Indium Disodium In 111 is recommended for use in radionuclide cisternography.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Asparaginase Escherichia coli
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asparaginase derived from Escherichia coli (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from E. coli has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [1, 2]. L-asparaginase of E. coli is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from E. coli works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [3]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is recommended [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Iohexol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Iohexol ia used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ocrelizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ocrelizumab is a CD20-directed cytolytic antibody indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsing or primary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis. It is a second-generation recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that selectively targets the B lymphocytes that express the CD20 antigen. As a humanized molecule, ocrelizumab is expected to be less immunogenic with repeated infusions which improves the benefit-to-risk profile for patients with relapsing or progressive forms of MS. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory, autoimmune disease of the central nervous system that leads to neurological disabilities and significantly reduced quality of life [5]. Most patients with MS experience episodes of relapses with worsening function, followed by recovery periods, or remissions. Primary progressive multiple sclerosis (PPMS) accounts for 10-15% of the overall population of patients with MS, and involves gradual worsening of neurologic disability from symptom onset, often without early relapses or remissions [4].Developed by Genentech/Roche, ocrelizumab was approved by the FDA in March 2017 under the market name Ocrevustm for intravenous injection. It was later approved by Health Canada (as Ocrevus) in August 2017, making the drug the first available treatment for PPMS in both U.S. and Canada. In clinical trials of patients with relapsing forms of MS, treatment with ocrelizumab resulted in reduced relapse rates and reduced worsening of disability compared to interferon beta-1a [5]. In phase 3 clinical trials of patients with PPMS, treatment with ocrelizumab demonstrated lower rates of clinical and MRI progression than placebo [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing or primary progressive forms of multiple sclerosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ketamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist with a potent anesthetic effect.[6] It was developed in 1963 as a replacement for phencyclidine (PCP) by Calvin Stevens at Parke Davis Laboratories. It started being used for veterinary purposes in Belgium and in 1964 was proven that compared to PCP, it produced minor hallucinogenic effects and shorter psychotomimetic effects. It was FDA approved in 1970, and from there, it has been used as an anesthetic for children or patients undergoing minor surgeries but mainly for veterinary purposes.[14]
4. Indication:  Ketamine is indicated as an anesthetic agent for recommended diagnostic and surgical procedures. If skeletal muscle relaxation is needed, it should be combined with a muscle relaxant. If the surgical procedure involves visceral pain, it should be supplemented with an agent that obtunds visceral pain. Ketamine can be used for induction of anesthesia prior other general anesthetic agents and as a supplement of low potency agents.[15]Reports have indicated a potential use of ketamine as a therapeutic tool for the management of depression when administered in lower doses.[7] These reports have increased the interest for ketamine in this area and several clinical trials are launched for this indication.[16, 8]
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Propacetamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Propacetamol is a non-opioid analgesic devoid of the major contraindications.[1] It is a derivative of paracetamol with the molecular formula glycine, N, N-diethyl-,4-(acetylamino)phenyl ester. Propacetamol is a parenteral formulation of paracetamol and thus, it is a prodrug that is completely hydrolyzed to paracetamol.[3] It is not available in the United States but this prodrug has been widely used in other countries such as France since 1985.[5]
4. Indication:  Propacetamol is a paracetamol prodrug of intravenous administration used to control fever and pain of perioperative period in multimodal analgesia therapy.[7]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is an active immunization against disease caused by influenza virus subtypes A and type B for intramuscular injection. The vaccine is prepared from influenza virus propagated in the allantoic fluid of embryonated chicken eggs where the virus is purified and inactivated by formaldehyde.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pinacidil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinacidil is a cyanoguanidine drug that opens ATP-sensitive potassium channels producing peripheral vasodilatation of arterioles. It reduces blood pressure and peripheral resistance and produces fluid retention.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tigapotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tigapotide is a synthetic 15-mer peptide that is derived from the natural sequence of amino acids of the prostate secretory protein (PSP94), one of three predominant proteins found in human seminal fluid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of late stage Hormone Refractory Prostate Cancer (HRPC) for which no effective therapy currently exists.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lubiprostone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lubiprostone is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. It is a bicyclic fatty acid (prostaglandin E1 derivative) which acts by specifically activating ClC-2 chloride channels on the apical aspect of gastrointestinal epithelial cells, producing a chloride-rich fluid secretion. These secretions soften the stool, increase motility, and promote spontaneous bowel movements (SBM).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the adult population. Also used for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation in women who are 18 years of age or older.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sodium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sodium Sulfate Anhydrous is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of sulfuric acid. Sodium sulfate anhydrous disassociates in water to provide sodium ions and sulfate ions. Sodium ion is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in the therapy of fluid and electrolyte disturbances. Sodium sulfate anhydrous is an electrolyte replenisher and is used in isosmotic solutions so that administration does not disturb normal electrolyte balance and does not lead to absorption or excretion of water and ions.
4. Indication:  indicated for bowel cleansing prior to colonoscopy or barium enema X-ray examination.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Etacrynic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A compound that inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. This compound has been classified as a loop or high ceiling diuretic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and edema caused by diseases like congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Beta-D-Glucose
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A primary source of energy for living organisms. It is naturally occurring and is found in fruits and other parts of plants in its free state. It is used therapeutically in fluid and nutrient replacement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  ILY101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ILY101 is a metal-free, non-absorbed polymeric drug designed for the selective binding and removal of phosphate anions from the gastrointestinal tract. ILY101 is being developed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in CKD patients on dialysis and works by reducing the systemic absorption of dietary phosphate. ILY101 is designed to allow for lower daily doses and improved patient acceptance and tolerability in comparison to other products in this class of drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Plecanatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Plecanatide is a drug approved in January 2017 by the FDA for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). It should not be used in children less than six years of age, and should be avoided in patients six years to 18 years of age
4. Indication:  Plecanatide stimulates intestinal fluid secretions in the gastrointestinal tract to support regular bowel function. Plecanatide, taken orally once daily, works locally in the upper GI tract to stimulate secretion of intestinal fluid and support regular bowel function.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tiopronin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiopronin is a prescription thiol drug used primarily in the treatment of severe homozygous cystinuria. Patients with cystinuria excrete high levels of cystine in their urine and are at risk for kidney stone formation. Tiopronin is used as a second-line therapy to control the rate of cystine precipitation and excretion, and prevent kidney stone formation. It is used after a failure of the non-pharmacological first line treatment consisting of increased fluid intake, restriction of sodium and protein, and urinary alkalinization. As cystinuria is a relatively rare disease, tiopronin is classified as an orphan drug and is not patented in the United States. It is similar to d-penicillamine in use and efficacy, but offers the advantage of far less adverse effects. Tiopronin is dosed on an individual basis using close monitoring of urinary cystine concentrations and urinary output.Tiopronin may also be used to bind metal nanoparticles in Wilson's disease, which is an overload of copper in the body. It has been investigated for use in the treatment of arthritis and as a neuroprotective agent in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage.
4. Indication:  Tiopronin is indicated for the prevention of kidney stone formation in patients with severe homozygous cystinuria consisting of a urinary cystine concentration greater than 500 mg/day, and who have failed treatment with non-pharmacological measures of increased fluid intake, decreased sodium and protein intake, and urine alkalinization.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Teduglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS), malabsorption associated with the removal of the intestine, in adults patients who are dependent on parenteral support. 
