DrugId:  1
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Papaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Iroxanadine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and vascular diseases as a cardioprotective agent. Its use has also been suggested for the prevention of early restenosis following vascular surgery or balloon angioplasty.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ETC-588
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-588, or LUV (large unilamellar vesicles), is made of naturally occurring lipids that circulate through arteries to facilitate the role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in removing accumulated cholesterol and other lipids from cells including those in the arterial wall. LUV are capable of transporting excess cholesterol from the vasculature to the liver for eventual elimination as part of the reverse lipid transport (RLT) pathway. It is believed that the removal of cholesterol by ETC-588 through this pathway may result in the reversal of atherosclerosis. Esperion is currently developing ETC-588 as a treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nicergoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of senile dementia, migraines of vascular origin, transient ischemia, platelet hyper-aggregability, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Iopromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography. 
4. Indication:  Iopromide, as the product Iovist, is indicated for use as an X-ray contrast agent in the following procedures:Intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA) (150 mg I/mL)Cerebral arteriography and peripheral arteriography (300 mg I/mL)Coronary arteriography and left ventriculography, visceral angiography and aortography (370 mg I/mL)Peripheral venography (240 mg I/mL)Excretory urography (300 mg I/mL)Contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging of head and body (300 mg I/mL and 370 mg I/mL) 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec, and is used by nuclear medicine physicians for the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime, also known as hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime or HMPAO, acts as a chelating agent for the Tc-99m radioisotope.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc99m exametazime scintigraphy (with or without methylene blue stabilization) may be useful as an adjunct in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke. Tc99m exametazime without methylene blue stabilization is indicated for leukocyte labeled scintigraphy as an adjunct in the localization of intra-abdominal infection and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  DG041
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG041 is a novel, first-in-class, orally-administered small molecule developmented for the prevention of arterial thrombosis and its complications.DG041, an anti-platelet compound, has shown to be a selective and potent antagonist of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandins E2. EP3 is a target that associates with increased risk of various vascular diseases. It block the formation of blood clots mediated through inflammation in atherosclerotic plaques but without increasing bleeding risk.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Enflurane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An extremely stable inhalation anesthetic that allows rapid adjustments of anesthesia depth with little change in pulse or respiratory rate. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the induction and maintenance of general anaesthesia during surgery and cesarean section and also used for analgesia during vaginal delivery.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Iothalamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iothalamic acid is an iodine containing organic anion used as a diagnostic contrast agent.
4. Indication:  Conray is indicated for use in excretory urography, cerebral angiography, peripheral arteriography, venography, arthrography, direct cholangiography, endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography, contrast enhancement of computed tomographic brain images, cranial computerized angiotomography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and arterial digital subtraction angiography.Conray may also be used for enhancement of computed tomographic scans performed for detection and evaluation of lesions in the liver, pancreas, kidneys, abdominal aorta, mediastinum, abdominal cavity and retroperitoneal space.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Isosorbide Dinitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator used in the treatment of angina pectoris. Its actions are similar to nitroglycerin but with a slower onset of action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Molsidomine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molsidomine is an orally active, long-acting vasodilator, which belongs to the class of medications known as syndnones.Interestingly, it is being studied as being a preventive measure in cerebral infarction [1].
4. Indication:  The indications for use of molsidomine include ischemic heart disease, angina, chronic heart failure, and pulmonary hypertension [9, 10].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Hydralazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension, alone or as an adjunct. Also for the management of severe hypertension when the drug cannot be given orally or when blood pressure must be lowered immediately, congestive heart failure (in combination with cardiac glycosides and diuretics and/or with isosorbide dinitrate), and hypertension secondary to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Olcegepant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals’ olcegepant (BIBN 4096) is a selective Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) antagonist, a new class of drugs in development for the treatment of acute migraine attacks. Olcegepant is undergoing phase II trials in Europe and the US, with preliminary results suggesting that CGRP antagonists may represent a potential new approach to the treatment of migraine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine headaches.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pentoxifylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with intermittent lameness or immobility arising from chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Moxisylyte
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxisylyte, denominated as thymoxamine in the UK, is a specific and orally active α1-adrenergic antagonist.[10] According to the WHO, moxisylyte is approved since 1987[9] and in the same year, it acquired the denomination of orphan product by the FDA.[11] This drug was developed by the Japanese company Fujirebio and also by the American company Iolab in the late 80s.
4. Indication:  By the WHO, moxisylyte is indicated for the symptomatic management of sequelae of cerebral infarction or hemorrhage.[9] The cerebral infarction is characterized by the blockage of the artery either by the formation of a thrombus or an embolus.[3] On the other hand, the FDA classified moxisylyte for the reversal of phenylephrine-induced mydriasis in patients who have narrow anterior angles and are at risk of developing an acute attack of angle-closure glaucoma.[11] Closed-angle glaucoma is caused by the contact between the iris and the trabecular meshwork. This contact will damage the aqueous outflow by the meshwork thus, increasing eye pressure and producing the symptoms of glaucoma.[4] Mydriasis is referred to the dilatation of the pupils and this standard body function is known to be a trigger factor for the development of acute closed-angle glaucoma.This risk is explained by the generation of a pupillary block, which is the contact between the pupillary margins and the lens, thus preventing flow from the aqueous humor to the anterior chamber and followed by an increased pressure gradient.[12] Moxisylyte is also approved in France as the first drug for the treatment of impotence.[5]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
