DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Phenobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A barbituric acid derivative that acts as a nonselective central nervous system depressant. It promotes binding to inhibitory gamma-aminobutyric acid subtype receptors, and modulates chloride currents through receptor channels. It also inhibits glutamate induced depolarizations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of seizures except absence seizures.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hydrocodone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Narcotic analgesic related to codeine, but more potent and more addicting by weight. It is used also as cough suppressant.
4. Indication:  For relief of moderate to moderately severe pain. Also used for the symptomatic relief of nonproductive cough, alone or in combination with other antitussives or expectorants.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Almitrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A respiratory stimulant that enhances respiration by acting as an agonist of peripheral chemoreceptors located on the carotid bodies. The drug increases arterial oxygen tension while decreasing arterial carbon dioxide tension in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It may also prove useful in the treatment of nocturnal oxygen desaturation without impairing the quality of sleep. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Medical air
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Medical air is supplied by a special air compressor to patient care areas using clean outside air.
4. Indication:  For use as a source of clean air [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pyrvinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pyrvinium is an anthelmintic effective for pinworms. Several forms of pyrvinium have been prepared with variable counter anions, such as halides, tosylate, triflate and pamoate. Pyrvinum's anti-cancer properties are currently under investigation.
4. Indication:  Pyrvinium was once used in the treatment of pinworm infestations [3].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Thenoyltrifluoroacetone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Thenoyltrifluoroacetone is a chelating agent and inhibitor of cellular respiration. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Hexachlorophene
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations used for skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)
4. Indication:  For use as a surgical scrub and a bacteriostatic skin cleanser. It may also be used to control an outbreak of gram-positive infection where other infection control procedures have been unsuccessful.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Turpentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Turpentine (also called spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine and colloquially turps) is a fluid obtained by the distillation of resin obtained from live trees, mainly pines. It is mainly used as a solvent and as a source of materials for organic synthesis. Turpentine is composed of terpenes, mainly the monoterpenes alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with lesser amounts of carene, camphene, dipentene, and terpinolene.
4. Indication:  Turpentine has been used experimentally in a bath for the treatment of disseminated sclerosis and sexual dysfunction. It also has been studied for its antibacterial activity and inhibition of osteoclast activity. Turpentine is utilized in experimental models of inflammation to induce a systemic inflammatory immune response in animals.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Succimer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lead poisoning in pediatric patients with blood lead levels above 45 µg/dL. May also be used to treat mercury or arsenic poisoning.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Prazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Diethylpropion
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A appetite depressant considered to produce less central nervous system disturbance than most drugs in this therapeutic category. It is also considered to be among the safest for patients with hypertension. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p2290)
4. Indication:  Used in the management of exogenous obesity as a short-term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Econazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans, Microsporum canis, Microsporum audouini, Microsporum gypseum, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis, and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ketazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ketazolam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Ketazolam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Ketazolam could be used for the treatment of anxiety. In approved countries, it is indicated for the treatment of anxiety, tension, irritability and similar stress related symptoms.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pralidoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. If given within 24 hours,after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the enzyme cholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ketoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad spectrum antifungal agent used for long periods at high doses, especially in immunosuppressed patients. It is a racemate consisting of equimolar amounts of (2R,4S)- and (2S,4R)-ketoconazole with the chiral centers on the acetal ring.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following systemic fungal infections: candidiasis, chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis, oral thrush, candiduria, blastomycosis, coccidioidomycosis, histoplasmosis, chromomycosis, and paracoccidioidomycosis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sulfinpyrazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A uricosuric drug that is used to reduce the serum urate levels in gout therapy. It lacks anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and diuretic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gout and gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nelarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nelarabine is a chemotherapy drug used in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Nelarabine is a purine nucleoside analog converted to its corresponding arabinosylguanine nucleotide triphosphate (araGTP), resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis and cytotoxicity.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia and T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma whose disease has not responded to or has relapsed following treatment with at least two chemotherapy regimens.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Vinorelbine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vinorelbine is an anti-mitotic chemotherapy drug that is used in the treatment of several types of malignancies, including breast cancer and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) [5]. It was initially approved in the USA in 1990's for the treatment of NSCLC [13].It is a third-generation vinca alkaloid. The introduction of third-generation drugs (vinorelbine, gemcitabine, taxanes) in platinum combination improved survival of patients with advanced NSCLC, with very similar results from the various drugs. Treatment toxicities are considerable in the combination treatment setting [2].A study was done on the clearance rate of vinorelbine on individuals with various single polymorphonuclear mutations. It was found that there was 4.3-fold variation in vinorelbine clearance across the cohort, suggesting a strong influence of genetics on the clearance of this drug [7].
4. Indication:  Vinorelbine tartrate is indicated for adults in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as a single therapy or in combination with other chemotherapeutic drugs [5].Used in relapsed or refractory Hodgkin lymphoma, in combination with other chemotherapy agents [14].For the treatment of desmoid tumor or aggressive fibromatosis, in combination with methotrexate [14].For the treatment of recurrent or metastatic squamous cell head and neck cancer [14].For the treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer [14].For the treatment of metastatic breast cancer, in patients previously treated with anthracyline and/or taxane therapy [14].For the treatment of HER2-positive, trastuzumab-resistant, advanced breast cancer in patients previously treated with a taxane, in combination with trastuzumab and everolimus [14].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitrous acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitrous acid (as sodium nitrite) is used as part of an intravenous mixture with sodium thiosulfate to treat cyanide poisoning. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medications needed in a basic health system. There is also research to investigate its applicability towards treatments for heart attacks, brain aneurysms, pulmonary hypertension in infants, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
4. Indication:  For sequential use with sodium thiosulfate for the treatment of acute cyanide poisoning that is judged to be life-threatening [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Halothane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. nitrous oxide is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficient muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)
4. Indication:  For the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Chloral hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A hypnotic and sedative used in the treatment of insomnia. The safety margin is too narrow for chloral hydrate to be used as a general anesthetic in humans, but it is commonly used for that purpose in animal experiments. It is no longer considered useful as an anti-anxiety medication.
4. Indication:  Mainly used as a hyponotic in the treatment of insomnia; however, it is only effective as a hypnotic for short-term use. May be used as a routine sedative preoperatively to decrease anxiety and cause sedation and/or sleep with respiration depression or cough reflex. 
