DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Torcetrapib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Torcetrapib (CP-529414, Pfizer) was a drug being developed to treat hypercholesterolemia (elevated cholesterol levels) and prevent cardiovascular disease. Its development was halted in 2006 when phase III studies showed excessive mortality in the treatment group receiving a combination of atorvastatin and the study drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mevastatin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mevastatin or compactin is a cholesterol-lowering agent isolated from Penicillium citinium. It was the first discovered agent belonging to the class of cholesterol-lowering medications known as statins. During a search for antibiotic compounds produced by fungi in 1971, Akira Endo at Sankyo Co. (Japan) discovered a class of compounds that appeared to lower plasma cholesterol levels. Two years later, the research group isolated a compound structurally similar to hydroxymethylglutarate (HMG) that inhibited the incorporation of acetate. The compound was proposed to bind to the reductase enzyme and was named compactin. Mevastatin is a competitive inhibitor of HMG-Coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase with a binding affinity 10,000 times greater than the HMG-CoA substrate itself. Mevastatin is a pro-drug that is activated by in vivo hydrolysis of the lactone ring. It has served as one of the lead compounds for the development of the synthetic compounds used today.
4. Indication:  Not used therapeutically due to its many side effects. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lovastatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lovastatin is a cholesterol-lowering agent that belongs to the class of medications called statins. It was the second agent of this class discovered. It was discovered by Alfred Alberts and his team at Merck in 1978 after screening only 18 compounds over 2 weeks. The agent, also known as mevinolin, was isolated from the fungi Aspergillus terreus. Research on this compound was suddenly shut down in 1980 and the drug was not approved until 1987. Interesting, Akira Endo at Sankyo Co. (Japan) patented lovastatin isolated from Monascus ruber four months before Merck. Lovastatin was found to be 2 times more potent than its predecessor, mevastatin, the first discovered statin. Like mevastatin, lovastatin is structurally similar to hydroxymethylglutarate (HMG), a substituent of HMG-Coenzyme A (HMG-CoA), a substrate of the cholesterol biosynthesis pathway via the mevalonic acid pathway. Lovastatin is a competitive inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase with a binding affinity 20,000 times greater than HMG-CoA. Lovastatin differs structurally from mevastatin by a single methyl group at the 6’ position. Lovastatin is a prodrug that is activated by in vivo hydrolysis of the lactone ring. It, along with mevastatin, has served as one of the lead compounds for the development of the synthetic compounds used today.
4. Indication:  For management as an adjunct to diet to reduce elevated total-C, LDL-C, apo B, and TG levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia. For primary prevention of coronary heart disease and to slow progression of coronary atherosclerosis in patients with coronary heart disease. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Probucol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol yet has little effect on serum-triglyceride or VLDL cholesterol. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p993).
4. Indication:  Used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cholesterol-Sulfate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pravastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pravastatin is a cholesterol-lowering agent that belongs to a class of medications known as statins. It was derived from microbial transformation of mevastatin, the first statin discovered. It is a ring-opened dihydroxyacid with a 6’-hydroxyl group that does not require in vivo activation. Pravastatin is one of the lower potency statins; however, its increased hydrophilicity is thought to confer advantages such as minimal penetration through lipophilic membranes of peripheral cells, increased selectivity for hepatic tissues, and a reduction in side effects compared with lovastatin and simvastatin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Vonapanitase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vonapanitase is under investigation for the treatment of Chronic Kidney Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ETC-588
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-588, or LUV (large unilamellar vesicles), is made of naturally occurring lipids that circulate through arteries to facilitate the role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in removing accumulated cholesterol and other lipids from cells including those in the arterial wall. LUV are capable of transporting excess cholesterol from the vasculature to the liver for eventual elimination as part of the reverse lipid transport (RLT) pathway. It is believed that the removal of cholesterol by ETC-588 through this pathway may result in the reversal of atherosclerosis. Esperion is currently developing ETC-588 as a treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Evacetrapib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evacetrapib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Hepatic Insufficiency, and Cardiovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  GFT14
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Simvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simvastatin is a lipid-lowering agent that is derived synthetically from the fermentation of Aspergillus terreus. It is a potent competitive inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (hydroxymethylglutaryl COA reductases), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It may also interfere with steroid hormone production. Due to the induction of hepatic LDL receptors, it increases breakdown of LDL cholesterol. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and for the reduction in the risk of cardiac heart disease mortality and cardiovascular events. It can also be used in adolescent patients for the treatment of heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Alirocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alirocumab is a biopharmaceutical drug approved by the FDA in July 2015 as a second line treatment for high cholesterol for adults whose LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) is not controlled by diet and statin treatment. It is a human monoclonal antibody administered by subcutaneous injection that belongs to a novel class of anti-cholesterol drugs, known as PCSK9 inhibitors, and it was the first such agent to receive FDA approval. The FDA approval was contingent on the completion of further clinical trials to better determine efficacy and safety. PCSK9 inhibition facilitates more LDL-C clearance from the blood.
4. Indication:  Alirocumab is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy in adults who require additional LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering due to heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Evolocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Evolocumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of hyperlipidemia by Amgen. It is a subcutaneous injection approved by the FDA for individuals on maximum statin therapy who still require additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. It is approved for both homozygous and heterozygous familial cholesterolemia as an adjunct to other first-line therapies. Evolocumab is a human IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9). PCSK9 is a protein that targets LDL receptors for degradation, therefore reducing the liver's ability to remove LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), or "bad" cholesterol, from the blood. Evolocumab is designed to bind to PCSK9 and inhibit PCSK9 from binding to LDL receptors on the liver surface, resulting in more LDL receptors on the surface of the liver to remove LDL-C from the blood. Evolocumab is the second PCSK9 inhibitor on the market, first being alirocumab.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of heterozygous/homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients on maximum tolerated statin therapy requiring additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Clopidogrel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clopidogrel, an antiplatelet agent structurally and pharmacologically similar to ticlopidine, is used to inhibit blood clots in a variety of conditions such as peripheral vascular disease, coronary artery disease, and cerebrovascular disease. Clopidogrel is sold under the name Plavix by Sanofi and Bristol-Myers Squibb. The drug is an irreversible inhibitor of the P2Y12 adenosine diphosphate receptor found on the membranes of platelet cells. Clopidogrel use is associated with several serious adverse drug reactions such as severe neutropenia, various forms of hemorrhage, and cardiovascular edema.
4. Indication:  For the reduction of atherosclerotic events (myocardial infarction, stroke, and vascular death) in patients with atherosclerosis documented by recent stroke, recent myocardial infarction, or established peripheral arterial disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ferumoxytol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferumoxytol is an iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). As a non-stoichiometric magnetite (superparamagnetic iron oxide), it isolates the bioactive iron from plasma components to enter the intracellular storage iron pool and later be incorporated into hemglobin. It is available as an intravenous injection under the market name Feraheme.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anemia, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Phosphatidyl serine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Phosphatidyl serine (PS) is a phospholipid nutrient found in fish, green leafy vegetables, soybeans and rice, and is essential for the normal functioning of neuronal cell membranes and activates Protein kinase C (PKC) which has been shown to be involved in memory function. In apoptosis, phosphatidyl serine is transferred to the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane. This is part of the process by which the cell is targeted for phagocytosis. PS has been shown to slow cognitive decline in animal models. PS has been investigated in a small number of double-blind placebo trials and has been shown to increase memory performance in the elderly. Because of the potentail cognitive benefits of phosphatidylserine, the substance is sold as a dietary supplement to people who believe they can benefit from an increased intake.The dietary supplement was originally processed from bovine sources however Prion disease scares in the 1990s outlawed this process, and a soy-based alternative was adopted.
4. Indication:  Phosphatidylserine has demonstrated some usefulness in treating cognitive impairment, including Alzheimer's disease, age-associated memory impairment and some non-Alzheimer's dementias. More research is needed before phosphatidylserine can be indicated for immune enhancement or for reduction of exercise stress.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cholesteryl Linoleate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  FM-VP4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FM-VP4, is a novel hydrophilic phytostanol analogue representing a new class in cholesterol-lowering drugs called cholesterol absorption inhibitors. FM-VP4 has been shown to inhibit cholesterol absorption and to lower plasma LDL-cholesterol and total cholesterol in a broad range of animal species. Additional experiments suggest that FM-VP4 can reduce plasma LDL cholesterol levels and triglyceride levels, reduce weight gain and exert a anti-atherosclerosis effect
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia and cancer/tumors (unspecified).Monotherapy is recommended for people with marginally high LDL-cholesterol or who cannot be prescribed statins due to drug interactions and safety concerns. Combination Therapy is recommended if statin therapy alone is either insufficient to achieve the guidelines set by the NCEP or there is concern over side effects as Statin doses can be lowered in combination treatment without losing efficacy.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chenodeoxycholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chenodeoxycholic acid (or Chenodiol) is an epimer of ursodeoxycholic acid (DB01586). Chenodeoxycholic acid is a bile acid naturally found in the body. It works by dissolving the cholesterol that makes gallstones and inhibiting production of cholesterol in the liver and absorption in the intestines, which helps to decrease the formation of gallstones. It can also reduce the amount of other bile acids that can be harmful to liver cells when levels are elevated.
4. Indication:  Chenodiol is indicated for patients with radiolucent stones in well-opacifying gallbladders, in whom selective surgery would be undertaken except for the presence of increased surgical risk due to systemic disease or age. Chenodiol will not dissolve calcified (radiopaque) or radiolucent bile pigment stones.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  CRx-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CRx-401 is a novel insulin sensitizer designed to provide anti-diabetic activity without promoting weight gain. It consists of a low dose of the analgesic diflunisal in conjunction with a modified-release therapeutic dose of bezafibrate, an anti-cholesterol agent. In third-party clinical studies, the dose of bezafibrate contained in CRx-401 has been observed to have a positive impact on cellular pathways that influence glycemic and lipid profiles, and this dose has proven to be well tolerated in clinical trials. Unlike other NSAIDs, or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the dose of diflunisal in CRx-401 has demonstrated in preclinical studies the ability to synergistically enhance the anti-diabetic effects of bezafibrate through novel disease-targeted mechanisms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
