DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Invert sugar
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Invert sugar is obtained from sugar cane when this is treated with dilute acid or with the invertase enzyme. It is formed by an equal amount of glucose and fructose. It differentiates from sugar cane in the rotation of the polarized light, which in the case of invert sugar it is to the left (levorotatory).[1] Invert sugar is FDA approved since 1988 as a safe substance (GRAS).
4. Indication:  Invert sugar presents a large variety of uses. It can be used therapeutically for parenteral hyperalimentation[6] or to be used as an excipient with a known effect.[10] Invert sugar is also approved for its use in food products as a humectant, crystallization modifier, and liquid and nutritive sweetener.[7]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium Tetradecyl Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of small uncomplicated varicose veins of the lower extremities that show simple dilation with competent valves.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Polidocanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins (varicose veins ≤1 mm in diameter) and uncomplicated reticular veins (varicose veins 1 to 3 mm in diameter) in the lower extremity. It is marketed under the brand names Asclera and Varithena. The formula for Polidocanol has the structural formula C12H25(OCH2CH2)nOH, a mean extent of polymerization (n) of approximately 9 and a mean molecular weight of approximately 600.
4. Indication:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins and uncomplicated reticular veins in the lower extremity. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Obeticholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Obeticholic acid is a farnesoid-X receptor (FXR) agonist and is used to treat a number of liver diseases. [1] Obeticholic acid has been granted accelerated approval to treat primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid. [1] Approval is limited to monotherapy in patient's who are intolerant to ursodeoxycholic acid, or in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid in adults who have not responded adequately to ursodeoxyholic acid alone. [1]Obeticholic acid given orally, binds to the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), a receptor found in the nucleus of cells in the liver and intestine. FXR is a key regulator of bile acid metabolic pathways. Obeticholic acid increases bile flow from the liver and suppresses bile acid production in the liver, thus reducing the exposure of the liver to toxic levels of bile acids.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.Obeticholic acid was approved as an orphan drug based on its reduction in the level of the biomarker alkaline phosphatase as a surrogate endpoint for clinical benefit. It is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA. Additional studies are being required to prove its clinical benefit.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Phenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. 
4. Indication:  Phenol is primarily indicated for minor sore throat pain, sore mouth, minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Additionally, phenol is indicated in the treatment of focal spasticity. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
