DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mesenchymal Stem Cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from healthy donors improve cardiac function in experimental acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models. Osiris' stem cells are derived from human bone marrow. The source marrow is voluntarily donated by healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 30 years. Blood samples from the donor are screened prior to donation for transmissible diseases, including HIV and hepatitis, and the medical and social history of each donor is obtained to ascertain whether signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with high risk for carrying a disease are present.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Velafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Velafermin was a novel investigational protein therapeutic, also known as fibroblast growth factor-20 (FGF-20), which promotes both epithelial and mesenchymal cell proliferation in vitro and has demonstrated activity in multiple animal models. Velafermin was investigated as a potential therapy for the prevention and treatment of oral mucositis by fostering the regeneration and repair of the cells lining the gastrointestinal tract.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Patidegib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Patidegib has been investigated for the treatment of Conventional Chondrosarcoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Remestemcel-L
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Remestemcel-L is a third-party, off-the-shelf suspension of ex-vivo cultured adult human mesenchymal stem cells intended for intravenous infusion. The mesenchymal stem cells are derived from the bone marrow of unrelated and human leukocyte antigen (HLA)–unmatched healthy adult donors and have the ability to differentiate into different tissue cells. It was approved for use in Canada in May 2012 as Prochymal for the management of refractory acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in children who are unresponsive to systemic steroid therapies, with the approval conditional upon further trials being conducted.aGvHD is a T-cell mediated disease that occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant and is a reaction of donor immune cells against host tissues [A31822] developed by 30-80% of the recipients [1]. aGvHD is often characterized by the presence of inflammatory cascades through signalling of activated T cells. While systemic corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents are commonly used as first-line treatments to manage aGvHD, about 30-50% of patients with aGvHD experience inadequately control of disease with first-line therapies, putting them in a risk for poor outcomes and creating a significant clinical challenge [1]. It is estimated that the patients with the most severe forms of refractory aGvHD that do not respond to steroid therapy have expected one-year survival rates of only 5% to 30% [6]. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) serve to down-regulate inflammatory responses and produce anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors to promote tissue repair [1]. In clinical studies, patients treated with remestemcel-L demonstrated an improvement in their aGvHD and improved survival rates at subsequent days following intravenous infusion [6]. Based on its tolerability and safety profile, remestemcel-L is a promising alternative to second-line immunosuppressive agents [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for in the management of acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in pediatric patients. Acute GvHD should be refractory to treatment with systemic corticosteroid therapy and/or other immunosuppressive agents. Remestemcel-L may be used for Grades C and D of the disease in any organ. Remestemcel-L may also be used in the management of Grade B aGvHD involving any visceral organ, including the GI tract and the liver, but excluding skin [6].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ciglitazone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ciglitazone (INN) is a thiazolidinedione. Developed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals in the early 1980s, it is considered the prototypical compound for the thiazolidinedione class.Ciglitazone was never used as a medication, but it sparked interest in the effects of thiazolidinediones. Several analogues were later developed, some of which—such as pioglitazone and troglitazone—made it to the market.Ciglitazone significantly decreases VEGF production by human granulosa cells in an in vitro study, and may potentially be used in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Ciglitazone is a potent and selective PPARγ ligand. It binds to the PPARγ ligand-binding domain with an EC50 of 3.0 µM. Ciglitazone is active in vivo as an anti-hyperglycemic agent in the ob/ob murine model. Inhibits HUVEC differentiation and angiogenesis and also stimulates adipogenesis and decreases osteoblastogenesis in human mesenchymal stem cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Olaratumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olaratumab (IMC-3G3) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody with antitumor activity that selectively binds the external domain of human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-α with high affinity and blocks ligand binding. It is composed of two heavy chain molecule fragments and 2 light chain fragments. Studies show that the treatment of olaratumab in combination with doxorubicin resulted in significant reduction of cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth. Olaratumab was granted accelerated approval (as Lartruvo) as initial therapy to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS) in October, 2016.
4. Indication:  Olaratumab is indicated, in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced or mestastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS) with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
