DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Radotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.
4. Indication:  Radotinib is indicated for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance of other Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitors, such as patients resistant or intolerant to imatinib.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Rutin
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A flavonol glycoside found in many plants, including buckwheat; tobacco; forsythia; hydrangea; viola, etc. It has been used therapeutically to decrease capillary fragility. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bosutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bosutinib is a Bcr-Abl kinase inhibitor for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). Compared to other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, it has a more favourable hematologic toxicity profile. FDA approved on September 4, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic, accelerated, or blast phase Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy in adult patients. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  GSK-923295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK-923295 is a small-molecule inhibitor of the mitotic kinesin centromere-associated protein E (CENP-E), and the third novel drug candidate to arise from Cytokinetics' broad strategic alliance with GlaxoSmithKline (GSK). GSK-923295 demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity against a range of human tumor xenografts grown in nude mice, including models of colon, breast, ovarian, lung and other tumors. GSK-923295 is the first drug candidate to enter human clinical trials that specifically targets CENP-E and is currently in Phase I human clinical trials being conducted by GSK.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ABL-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABL001 has been used in trials studying the health services research of Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia and Philadelphia Chromosome-positive Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Carbazochrome
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Carbazochrome is a hemostatic agent that causes the aggregation and adhesion of platelets in the blood to form a platelet plug, ceasing blood flow from an open wound. It is an oxidation product of adrenaline which enhances the microcirculatory tone [4]. It is hoped that this drug can be used in the future for preventing excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on its effectiveness and the severity of possible side effects remains to be fairly inconclusive. It is not FDA-approved but is available as tablets or IM/SC injections in the treatment of hemorrhages in a number of countries.Carbazochrome has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-surgical acute uncomplicated hemorrhoids in a mixture with Troxerutin, and this combination therapy demonstrated efficacy and safe tolerability either at a local or systemic level [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for capillary and parenchymal hemorrhage (trauma, tonsillectomy, during surgery), intestinal bleeding, and thrombocytopenic purpura.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lenalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lenalidomide (initially known as CC-5013 and marketed as Revlimid® by Celgene) is a derivative of thalidomide introduced in 2004. It was initially intended as a treatment for multiple myeloma, for which thalidomide is an accepted therapeutic modality, but has also shown efficacy in the hematological disorders known as the myelodysplastic syndromes. [Wikipedia] FDA approved on December 27, 2005. 
4. Indication:  Lenalidomide is indicated for the treatment of multiple myeloma in combination with dexamethasone. It is also indicated for the treatment of patients with transfusion-dependent anemia due to low- or intermediate- risk myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) associated with a deletion 5q cytogenetic abnormality with or without additional cytogenetic abnormalities.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Terazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terazosin is a selective alpha1-antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It also acts to lower blood pressure, so it is a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement. It works by blocking the action of adrenaline on smooth muscle of the bladder and the blood vessel walls.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic BPH and mild to moderate hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ponatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ponatinib is a novel Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is especially effective against the T315I mutation for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ponatinib is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy or Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ALL) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tirapazamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirapazamine (SR-4233) is an experimental anticancer drug that is activated to a toxic radical only at very low levels of oxygen (hypoxia). Such levels are common in human solid tumors, a phenomenon known as tumor hypoxia. Thus, tirapazamine is activated to its toxic form preferentially in the hypoxic areas of solid tumors. Cells in these regions are resistant to killing by radiotherapy and most anticancer drugs. Thus the combination of tirapazamine with conventional anticancer treatments is particularly effective. As of 2006, tirapazamine is undergoing phase III testing in patients with head and neck cancer and gynecological cancer, and similar trials are being undertaken for other solid tumor types. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Davunetide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Davunetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.Davunetide is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Davunetide is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Gadobutrol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Intravenous gadobutrol is a second-generation extracellular non-ionic macrocyclic GBCA (gadolinium-based contrast agent) used in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults and children older than 2 years of age. It may help visualize and detect vascular abnormalities in the blood brain barrier (BBB) and central nervous system (CNS). In patients with impaired renal function, gadolinium based contrast agents increase the risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). A physician should be contacted if symptoms of NSF are encountered, such as dark or red patches on the skin; stiffness in joints; trouble moving, bending or straightening arms, hands, legs or feet; burning, itching, swelling, scaling, hardening and tightening of skin; pain in hip bones or ribs; or muscle weakness. Common adverse reactions that may be experienced include headache, nausea, feeling hot, abnormal taste, and warmth, burning or pain local to the injection site. General precautions should be taken in patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding, or who have a history of allergic reaction to contrast media, bronchial asthma or an allergic respiratory disorder.
4. Indication:  For diagnostic use only. Indicated for adults and children age 2 and over for contrast enhancement during cranial and spinal MRI, and for contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography (CE-MRA). Gadobutrol is particularly suited for the detection of very small lesions and for the visualization of tumors that do not readily take up contrast media. It may be a desired agent when the exclusion or demonstration of an additional pathology may influence the choice of therapy or patient management. It may also be suitable for perfusion studies in the diagnosis of stroke, detection of focal cerebral ischemia, and in studies of tumor perfusion. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Furazolidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
4. Indication:  For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dasatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for use in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The main targets of Dasatinib, are BCRABL, SRC, Ephrins and GFR.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy. Also indicated for the treatment of adults with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent active against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis in males and for gram-negative-bacterial infections in the gastrointestinal system and the genitourinary tract.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Temafloxacin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Temafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic drug which was withdrawn from sale in the U.S. shortly after its approval in 1992 because of serious adverse reactions resulting in three deaths. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections, genital and urinary infections like prostatitis, and skin infections.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Hexaminolevulinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hexaminolevulinate is an optical imaging drug. In solution form it is instilled intravesically for use with photodynamic blue light cystoscopy as an adjunct to white light cystoscopy. On May 28, 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted approval for hexaminolevulinate hydrochloride (Cysview for Intravesical Solution, Photocure ASA), as an optical imaging agent for use in combination with the Karl Storz Photodynamic Diagnostic D-Light C (PDD) System for cystoscopic detection of non-muscle invasive papillary cancer of the bladder for patients suspected or known to have lesion(s) on the basis of a prior cystoscopy. Hexaminolevulinate is manufactured under the brand Cysview® by Photocure ASA. In Europe, Hexaminolevulinate is marketed under the brand Hexvix®. 
4. Indication:  Hexaminolevulinate is indicated for use in the cystoscopic detection of non-muscle invasive papillary cancer of the bladder among patients suspected or known to have lesion(s) on the basis of a prior cystoscopy. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Methoxyamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cefepime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia (moderate to severe) caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Enterobacter species. Also for empiric treatment of febrile neutropenic patients and uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis) caused by Escherichia coli or Klebsiella pneumoniae, when the infection is severe, or caused by Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Proteus mirabilis, when the infection is mild to moderate, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia with these microorganisms. Also for the treatment of uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible strains only) or Streptococcus pyogenes and complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole) caused by Escherichia coli, viridans group streptococci, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter species, or Bacteroides fragilis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Vincristine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vincristine is an antitumor vinca alkaloid isolated from Vinca Rosea. It is marketed under several brand names, many of which have different formulations such as Marqibo (liposomal injection) and Vincasar. Vincristine is indicated for the treatment of acute leukaemia, malignant lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, acute erythraemia, and acute panmyelosis. vincristine sulfate is often chosen as part of polychemotherapy because of lack of significant bone–marrow suppression (at recommended doses) and of unique clinical toxicity (neuropathy). 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), Hodgkin lymphoma, non-Hodgkin lymphomas, Wilms' tumor, neuroblastoma, rhabdomyosarcoma. Liposomal vincristine is indicated for the treatment of relapsed Philadelphia chromosome-negative (Ph-) acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Lomefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: S.pneumoniae, H.influenzae, S.aureus, P.aeruginosa, E. cloacae, P. mirabilis, C. civersus, S. asprphyticus, E.coli, and K.pneumoniae.
