DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ozenoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  To date, ozenoxacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of impetigo.As of December 11, 2017 the FDA approved Ferrer Internacional S.A.'s Xepi (ozenoxacin 1%) as a topically applied cream indicated for the treatment of impetigo caused by Staphylococccus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes in adult and pediatric patients 2 months of age and older.Despite being a common and highly contagious bacerial skin infection that affects millions of children and adults in the United States each year, ozenoxacin cream is a novel, non-fluorinated quinolone that has demonstrated safe and effective therapy in both the adult and pediatric population.
4. Indication:  Ozenoxacin cream is indicated for the topical treatment of impetigo caused by Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes in patients aged 2 months of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Trospium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trospium is a urinary antispasmodic. It is sold under the brand name Sanctura in the US, and as Trosec in Canada. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency, detrusor instability and frequency of micturition.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nandrolone decanoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory deficient red cell production anemias, breast carcinoma, hereditary angioedema, antithrombin III deficiency, fibrinogen excess, growth failure and Turner's syndrome. It is also indicated in the prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Thiocolchicoside
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiocolchicoside is a semi-synthetic derivative of the colchicine, a natural anti-inflammatory glycoside which originates from the flower seeds of superba gloriosa. It is a muscle relaxant with anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects. It has potent convulsant activity and should not be administered to individuals prone to seizures [19].
4. Indication:  Thiocolchicoside is a skeletal muscle-relaxant drug used in the treatment of orthopedic, traumatic and rheumatologic disorders [18]. It is indicated as an adjuvant drug in the treatment of painful muscle contractures and is indicated in acute spinal pathology, for adults and adolescents 16 years of age and older [15]. Recent studies have examined its effect on muscle tone, stiffness, contractures, and soreness experienced by athletes during sporting competitions [20].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Calusterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A 17-alkylated orally active androgenic steroid. A Schedule IV drug in Canada.
4. Indication:  An anabolic steroid which can theoretically aid in restauration and buildup of certain tissues, especially muscle. It is similar to synthetic testosterone and is still in early investigation. It was also investigated for use as a treatment for metastatic breast cancer.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ceritinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ceritinib is used for the treatment of adults with anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) following failure (secondary to resistance or intolerance) of prior crizotinib therapy. About 4% of patients with NSCLC have a chromosomal rearrangement that generates a fusion gene between EML4 (echinoderm microtubule-associated protein-like 4) and ALK (anaplastic lymphoma kinase), which results in constitutive kinase activity that contributes to carcinogenesis and seems to drive the malignant phenotype. Ceritinib exerts its therapeutic effect by inhibiting autophosphorylation of ALK, ALK-mediated phosphorylation of the downstream signaling protein STAT3, and proliferation of ALK-dependent cancer cells. Following treatment with crizotinib (a first-generation ALK inhibitor), most tumours develop drug resistance due to mutations in key "gatekeeper" residues of the enzyme. This occurrence led to development of novel second-generation ALK inhibitors such as ceritinib to overcome crizotinib resistance. The FDA approved ceritinib in April 2014 due to a surprisingly high response rate (56%) towards crizotinib-resistant tumours and has designated it with orphan drug status.
4. Indication:  Ceritinib is a kinase inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK)-positive metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) who have progressed on or are intolerant to crizotinib. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and duration of response. An improvement in survival or disease-related symptoms has not been established. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory trials.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Docetaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel binds to microtubules reversibly with high affinity and has a maximum stoichiometry of one mole docetaxel per mole tubulin in microtubules.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Also used as a single agent in the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior platinum-based chemotherapy. It is also used in combination with prednisone, in the treatment of patients with androgen independent (hormone refractory) metastatic prostate cancer. Furthermore, docetaxel has uses in the treatment of gastric adenocarinoma and head and neck cancer. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nalidixic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms, including the majority of E. Coli, Enterobacter species, Klebsiella species, and Proteus species.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxymetholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Oxymetholone is a synthetic anabolic steroid marketed under the brand name Anapolon by Hoffmann La Roche Limited. Its primary clinical applications include treatment of osteoporosis and anaemia, as well as stimulating muscle growth in malnourished or underdeveloped patients. Anabolic-androgenic steroids (AAS), such as oxymetholone, have been abused by bodybuilders and athletes. The uncontrolled misuse of oxymetholone can lead to a large variety of detrimental effects, the most often reported of which are cardiovascular events. In 2009, no producers of oxymetholone were identified worldwide (SRI 2009), but it was available from 14 suppliers, including 8 U.S. suppliers (ChemSources 2009).
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of anemias caused by deficient red cell production. Acquired aplastic anemia, congenital aplastic anemia, myelofibrosis and the hypoplastic anemias due to the administration of myelotoxic drugs often respond. Oxymetholone should not replace other supportive measures such as transfusion, correction of iron, folic acid, vitamin B12 or pyridoxine deficiency, antibacterial therapy and the appropriate use of corticosteroids. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Bosutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bosutinib is a Bcr-Abl kinase inhibitor for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). Compared to other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, it has a more favourable hematologic toxicity profile. FDA approved on September 4, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic, accelerated, or blast phase Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy in adult patients. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ancestim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ancestim is a non-glycosylated recombinant methionyl human stem cell factor. It is a 166 amino acid protein produced by E. coli with an amino acid sequence that is identical to the natural sequence predicted from human DNA sequence analysis, except for the addition of an N-terminal methionine.[5] Ancestim was developed by Amgen and sold to Biovitrium, now Swedish Orphan Biovitrum, in December 2008. It was submitted to the FDA under the status of recommendation for approval with a 10 to 1 votes.[2] It was also approved by Health Canada in 1999 but it is currently under the status of canceled post-market.[4]
4. Indication:  Ancestim, in combination with filgrastim, is indicated for the setting of autologous peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation in patients at risk of poor peripheral blood progenitor cell mobilisation.[7] The use of ancestim with filgrastim will generate a sustained increase in the number of peripheral blood progenitor cells capable of engraftment. It is used for mobilization of progenitor cells from the bone marrow to the peripheral blood with or withouth mobilizing chemotherapy. The harvested progenitor cells can be used for transplant following myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapies.[6]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate.[1] FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug.[6] This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst.[7] It is also FDA approved since 2015.[FDA Label]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency to maintain hemoglobin and to reduce the prescribed dose of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) required to maintain desired hemoglobin levels.[8] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Valrubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Valrubicin (N-trifluoroacetyladriamycin-14-valerate, Valstar®) is a chemotherapy drug used to treat bladder cancer. Valrubicin is a semisynthetic analog of the anthracycline doxorubicin, and is administered by infusion directly into the bladder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer of the bladder.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nandrolone phenpropionate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory deficient red cell production anemias, breast carcinoma, hereditary angioedema, antithrombin III deficiency, fibrinogen excess, growth failure and Turner's syndrome. It is also indicated in the prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Paclitaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel.When it was developed commercially by Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), the generic name was changed to paclitaxel and the BMS compound is sold under the trademark Taxol. In this formulation, paclitaxel is dissolved in Kolliphor EL and ethanol, as a delivery agent. A newer formulation, in which paclitaxel is bound to albumin, is sold under the trademark Abraxane. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma and cancer of the lung, ovarian, and breast. Abraxane® is specfically indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Rucaparib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rucaparib is a potent mammalian poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1, 2 and 3 inhibitor with anticancer properties. PPAR is an enzyme that plays an essential role in DNA repair by activating response pathways and facilitating repair [2], and defects in these repair mechanisms have been demonstrated in various malignancies, including cancer. Regulation of repair pathways is critical in promoting necessary cell death. BRCA genes are tumor suppressor genes mediate several cellular process including DNA replication, transcription regulation, cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis, chromatin structuring and homologous recombination (HR). Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), along with PPAR inhibition, is a vulnerability that enhances the cell death pathway when the single mutations alone would permit viability. Ovarian cancer commonly possesses defects in DNA repair pathways such as HRD due to BRCA mutations or otherwise. There are three main types of ovarian cancer: epithelial (90%), germ cell (5%) and sex cord stromal cell (5%). Epithelial ovarian, being the most common, fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women in the United States. Advanced ovarian cancer particularly poses challenges due to reduced therapeutic response rates from standard platinum-based chemotherapy and overall survival rates. Rucaparib has shown to induce cytotoxicity in tumor cell lines with deficiencies in BRCA1/2 and other DNA repair genes [FDA Label]. Of all the BRCA1/2 mutations in ovarian cancer, most are due to germline mutations (18%), and approximately 7% represent somatic mutations acquired within the tumor [4].The indication of rucaparib as an oral monotherapy in patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer was granted accelerated approval in 2016 for selected patients who have previously received greater than two lines of platinum-based therapy. It is currently marketed in the US under the brand name Rubraca that contains rucaparib camsylate as the active ingredient. The identification of patients who are eligible for rucaparib therapy is performed via in vitro diagnostic tests to detect the presence of a deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic). The FDA-approved test qualitatively detects sequence alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) genes. More information can be found on the FDA Website [9].While rucaparib is indicated for deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic)-associated advanced ovarian cancer, there is evidence that its antitumor activity is also clinically effective against ovarian tumors with high homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) loss of heterozygosity (LOH) [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated as monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with two or more chemotherapies. Select patients for therapy based on an FDA-approved companion diagnostic for rucaparib.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Trovafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Trovafloxacin (sold as Trovan by Pfizer) is a broad spectrum antibiotic that inhibits the uncoiling of supercoiled DNA in various bacteria by blocking the activity of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. It was withdrawn from the market due to the risk of hepatotoxicity. It had better gram-positive bacterial coverage and less gram-negative coverage than the previous fluoroquinolones. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in uncomplicated urethral gonorrhea in males and endocervical and rectal gonorrhea in females caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae as well as non gonoccocal urethritis and cervicitis due to Chlamydia trachomatis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Brigatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brigatinib, originally named AP26113, is a reversible dual inhibitor of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). It presents selectivity against the mutant forms of EGFR compared to the wild-type.[1] It also exhibits selectivity against 9 different Crizotinib-resistant mutants of the EML4-ALK fusion gene, which is a pivotal player in the transformation of susceptible lung parenchyma.[2] Brigatinib was developed by Ariad Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, and FDA-approved on April 28, 2017.[9]
4. Indication:  The anaplastic lymphoma kinase positive, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ NSCLC), represents only 3-5% of the NSCLC cancer cases, but the ALK mutation, overexpression and presence in several oncogenic fusion proteins in solid and hematologic tumors have pointed out the importance as well as its potential as a cancer therapy target.[1] The ALK-related cases of NSCLC are associated with the presence of the fusion gene EML4-ALK which fused the ALK protein with the echinoderm microtubule-associated protein like-4 whose original function is the correct formation of microtubules.[2] The presence of the aberrant fusion protein results in abnormal signaling that provokes increased cell growth, proliferation and survival.[4] Crizotinib is indicated for the treatment of such cases but the presence of ALK kinase domain mutations confer resistance to the treatment. Thus, brigatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with ALK+ NSCLC with intolerance to Crizotinib.[3]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Testosterone cypionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[6] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.
4. Indication:  Testosterone cypionate is used in males that present conditions derived from a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. These conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as the testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; and 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism characterized by idiopathic gonadotropin, LHRH deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation.[7]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Rilpivirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rilpivirine is non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) which is used for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in treatment-naive patients.[5] It is a diarylpyrimidine derivative, a class of molecules that resemble pyrimidine nucleotides found in DNA.[6] The internal conformational flexibility of rilpivirine and the plasticity of it interacting binding site gives it a very high potency and an unlikely generation of resistance compared to other NNRTI's.[7] Rilpivirine was developed by Tilbotec, Inc. and FDA approved on May 20, 2011.[10] On November 21, 2017, Rilpivirine, in combination with dolutegravir, was approved as part of the first complete treatment regimen with only two drugs for the treatment of adults with HIV-1 named Juluca.[11]
4. Indication:  Rilpivirine, in combination with other agents, is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in antiretroviral treatment-naive patients with HIV-1 RNA ≤100,000 copies/mL and CD4+ cell count >200 cells/mm3.[10] The FDA combination therapy approval of rilpivirine and dolutegravir is indicated for adults with HIV-1 infections whose virus is currently suppressed (< 50 copies/ml) on a stable regimen for at least six months, without history of treatment failure and no known substitutions associated to resistance to any of the two components of the therapy.[11]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Metreleptin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metreleptin, a recombinant analog of the human hormone leptin, is an orphan drug used to treat complications of leptin deficiency in people with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy. Affecting less than 500 people worldwide, lipodystrophy is characterized by a lack of adipose tissue, fat deposition in the muscles and liver, and metabolic complications such as hypertriglyceridemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver disease. These metabolic abnormalities are often aggravated by excessive food intake, which is further aggravated by leptin deficiency, a protein secreted by adipose tissue. Administration of Metreleptin results in improvement of metabolic symptoms including improvements in insulin resistance, reduced HbA1c and fasting glucose, reduced triglycerides, and reductions in food intake. Metreleptin is produced in E. coli and differs from native human leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. It is administered as a once daily subcutaneous injection. On Feb. 24, 2014, Metreleptin was approved by the FDA for the treatment of complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metreleptin is marketed under the brand Myalept® by Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Metreleptin is indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy.
