DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Avotermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Juvista has been investigated for the treatment, prevention, and basic science of Scars, Keloid, and Cicatrix.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  JNJ-28330835
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mannose 6-phosphate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mannose 6-phosphate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Wound, Cicatrix, Wound-healing, and Re-epithelialisation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Doxazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxazosin is a quinazoline-derivative that selectively antagonizes postsynaptic α1-adrenergic receptors. It may be used to mild to moderate hypertension and in the management of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction symptoms caused by BPH.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Prazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prazosin is a selective α-1-adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat hypertension. It has also been used to decrease urinary obstruction and relieve symptoms associated with symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia. α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland. Prazosin has also been used in conjunction with cardiac glycosides and diuretics in the management of severe congestive heart failure. It has also been used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of hypertension, symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia, and severe congestive heart failure. May also be used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Terazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terazosin is a selective alpha1-antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It also acts to lower blood pressure, so it is a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement. It works by blocking the action of adrenaline on smooth muscle of the bladder and the blood vessel walls.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic BPH and mild to moderate hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
