DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Propericiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Propericiazine is a phenothiazine of the piperidine group. It has been shown to reduce pathologic arousal and affective tension in some psychotic patients, while the symptoms of abnormal mental integration are relatively unaffected. It is a sedative phenothiazine with weak antipsychotic properties. It also has adrenolytic, anticholinergic, metabolic and endocrine effects and an action on the extrapyramidal system. It is used as an adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients, for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. Pericyazine, like other phenothiazines, is presumed to act principally in the subcortical areas, by producing what has been described as a central adrenergic blockade. 
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients. Propericiazine (Pericyazine)is used for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mirococept
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirococept (APT070) is a complement inhibitor currently under development for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and I/RI. It is a truncated form of the human Complement Receptor 1 (CR1) linked to a unique Prodaptin™ construct that regulates theover-production of complement at the cell surface, which occurs in inflammation. It consists of the first three short consensus domains of human complement receptor 1 (CR1), manufactured in recombinant bacteria and modified with a membrane-targeting amphiphilic peptide based on the naturally occurring membrane-bound myristoyl-electrostatic switch peptide.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection), kidney disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Altretamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alkylating agent proposed as an antineoplastic. It also acts as a chemosterilant for male houseflies and other insects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as a single agent in the palliative treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent ovarian cancer following first-line therapy with a cisplatin and/or alkylating agent-based combination.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tofisopam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tofisopam (marketed under brand names Emandaxin and Grandaxin) is a 2,3-benzodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. In contrast to classical 1,4-benzodiazepines, the compound does not bind to the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor and its psychopharmacological profile differs from such compounds. Although Tofisopam is not approved for sale in North America, it is approved for use in various countries worldwide, including parts of Europe. The D-enantiomer (dextofisopam) is currently in phase II trials in the U.S. for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Hydroxyzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite cetirizine, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of anxiety and tension associated with psychoneurosis and as an adjunct in organic disease states in which anxiety is manifested. Useful in the management of pruritus due to allergic conditions such as chronic urticaria.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Genistein
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An isoflavonoid derived from soy products. It inhibits protein-tyrosine kinase and topoisomerase-II (DNA topoisomerases, type II) activity and is used as an antineoplastic and antitumor agent. Experimentally, it has been shown to induce G2 phase arrest in human and murine cell lines.Additionally, genistein has antihelmintic activity. It has been determined to be the active ingredient in Felmingia vestita, which is a plant traditionally used against worms. It has also been demonstrated to be effective against intestinal parasites such as the common liver fluke, pork trematode and poultry cestode. [Wikipedia] Further, genistein is a phytoestrogen which has selective estrogen receptor modulator properties. It has been investigated in clinical trials as an alternative to classical hormone therapy to help prevent cardiovascular disease in postmenopausal women. [1] Genistein can be found in food sources such as tofu, fava beans, soybeans, kudzu, and lupin. It is also present in certain cell cultures and medicinal plants. [Wikipedia] 
4. Indication:  Currently Genistein is being studied in clinical trials as a treatment for prostate cancer. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Albendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzimidazole broad-spectrum anthelmintic structurally related to mebendazole that is effective against many diseases. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p38)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of parenchymal neurocysticercosis due to active lesions caused by larval forms of the pork tapeworm, Taenia solium and for the treatment of cystic hydatid disease of the liver, lung, and peritoneum, caused by the larval form of the dog tapeworm, Echinococcus granulosus.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sulpiride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2-receptor antagonist. It has been used therapeutically as an antidepressant, antipsychotic, and as a digestive aid. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Sulpiride is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acepromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Acepromazine is one of the phenothiazine derivative psychotropic drugs, used little in humans, however frequently in animals as a sedative and antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Acepromazine was first used in humans in the 1950s as an antipsychotic agent. It is now rarely used in humans. Acepromazine is frequently used in animals as a sedative and antiemetic. Its principal value is in quietening and calming anxious animals.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Loxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antipsychotic agent used in schizophrenia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[11]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [6].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [7, 8].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and Efmoroctocog alfa, which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [7].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  The human antihemophilic factor is indicated for the cases of hemophilia A, also known as classical hemophilia for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes.[12] If surgery is needed in patients with hemophilia A there is a need of correction of the clotting abnormality. In this cases, the human antihemophilic factor may be administered followed by intermittent maintenance doses.[11] The hemophilia A is characterized by the deficiency of the coagulation factor VIII that results in prolonged blood flow after injury or surgery as well as recurrent bleeding.[9]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bupropion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A unicyclic, aminoketone antidepressant. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not well understood, but it does appear to block dopamine uptake. The hydrochloride is available as an aid to smoking cessation treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and as aid to smoking cessation.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ribavirin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [10]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [5]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [5]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [7]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [6]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving Daclatasvir and Sofosbuvir, Eplusa (Sofosbuvir, Velpatasvir), Harvoni (Sofosbuvir, Ledipasvir), Simeprevir and Sofosbuvir, Viekira Pak (Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, Dasabuvir), Technivie (Ritonavir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir) and Zepatier (Elbasvir, Grazoprevir). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [10]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in combination with other antiviral agents with the intent to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Typically added to improve SVR and reduce relapse rates [6].The addition of ribavirin in Technivie therapy indicated for treating HCV genotype 1a and 4 infections is recommended in patients with or without cirrhosis. Resistance: viral genetic determinants resulting in variable response to ribavirin therapy has not been yet determined. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Bacitracin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy. Its unique name derives from the fact that the bacillus producing it was first isolated in 1943 from a knee scrape from a girl named Margaret Tracy. As a toxic and difficult-to-use antibiotic, bacitracin doesn't work well orally. However, it is very effective topically.Bacitracin is synthesised via the so-called nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), which means that ribosomes are not involved in its synthesis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infants with pneumonia and empyema caused by staphylococci shown to be susceptible to the drug. Also used in ointment form for topical treatment of a variety of localized skin and eye infections, as well as for the prevention of wound infections. Used against gram positive bacteria. Bacitracin is also used as an inhibitor of proteases and other enzymes.However, specific activity of bactracin's inhibition of protein disulfide isomerase has been called into question. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Droperidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A butyrophenone with general properties similar to those of haloperidol. It is used in conjunction with an opioid analgesic such as fentanyl to maintain the patient in a calm state of neuroleptanalgesia with indifference to surroundings but still able to cooperate with the surgeon. It is also used as a premedicant, as an antiemetic, and for the control of agitation in acute psychoses. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p593)
4. Indication:  Droperidol is ssed to produce tranquilization and to reduce the incidence of nausea and vomiting in surgical and diagnostic procedures.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Calcidiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The major circulating metabolite of vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol). It is produced in the liver and is the best indicator of the body's vitamin D stores. It is effective in the treatment of rickets and osteomalacia, both in azotemic and non-azotemic patients. Calcifediol also has mineralizing properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fluoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fluoxetine hydrochloride is the first agent of the class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Fluoxetine is a racemic mixture of the R- and S- enantiomers and are of equivalent pharmacologic activity. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Fluoxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and in combination with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Fluoxetine is the most anorexic and stimulating SSRI.
4. Indication:  Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mepyramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mepyramine (also known as pyrilamine) is a first generation antihistamine, targeting the H1 receptor. However, it rapidly permeates the brain and so often causes drowsiness as a side effect.It is used in over-the-counter combination products for colds and menstrual symptoms.
4. Indication:  Mepyramine is a first generation antihistamine used in treating allergies, ymptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reaction, and in pruritic skin disorders.
