DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Brasofensine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Brasofensine is an orally administered dopamine reuptake inhibitor being developed for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease. Phase I/II trials for brasofensine have been completed in the U.K. In November 2001, NeuroSearch confirmed that the drug's development was discontinued in favor of NS 2230.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Parkinson's Disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pyridostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor with a slightly longer duration of action than neostigmine. It is used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the actions of muscle relaxants. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Toloxatone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Toloxatone is an antidepressant launched in 1984 in France for the treatment of depression. It acts as a selective and reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase-A (MOA) [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of major depressive disorder. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate (formerly known as HHT or Homoharringtonine), is a cephalotaxine ester and protein synthesis inhibitor with established clinical activity as a single agent in hematological malignancies. Omacetaxine mepesuccinate is synthesized from cephalotaxine, which is an extract from the leaves of the plant, Cephalotaxus species. In October 2005, omacetaxine mepesuccinate received Orphan Drug designation from the EMEA for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Then in March 2006, it received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of CML. In November 2006, omacetaxine mepesuccinate, for the treatment of CML, was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Most recently, in October 2012, omacetaxine mepesuccinate was marketed under the brand name Synribo and FDA approved for patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Perospirone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perospirone is an atypical or second-generation antipsychotic of the azapirone family that antagonizes serotonin 5HT2A receptors and dopamine D2 receptors. It also displays affinity towards 5HT1A receptors as a partial agonist. It was introduced in Japan by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma in 2001 for the treatment of acute and chronic schizophrenia and acute cases of bipolar mania. It is commonly present as the hydrated hydrochloride salt form. Classified as a neuroleptic agent, perospirone is shown to be effective against positive, negative and general symptoms in patients with schizophrenia [1]. It is also shown to be less associated with extrapyramidal symptoms as a side effect compared to Haloperidol.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and acute cases of bipolar mania.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vilazodone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vilazodone is a novel compound with combined high affinity and selectivity for the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) transporter and 5-HT(1A) receptors. It has been shown to be equally efficacious as other antidepressants with similar gastrointestinal side effects and possibly with reduced sexual side effects and weight gain. Vilazodone is an antidepressant agent that can used as an alternative for patients who cannot tolerate therapy with other antidepressant classes such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors. Treatment should be titrated towards the target dose, which is 40mg per day.
4. Indication:  Vilazodone is approved for treatment of acute episodes of major depression. Labeling of vilazodone describes an increased risk of suicidal thoughts in children, adolescents and young adults. The use of vilazodone in pediatrics is not indicated. Its use with monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI) is contraindicated due to increased risk of serotonin syndome. Once the MAOI is discontinued, a 14-day washout period must pass before starting vilazodone.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
