DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VIIa Recombinant Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human coagulation Factor VIIa (rFVIIa), intended for promoting hemostasis by activating the extrinsic pathway of the coagulation cascade. NovoSeven is a vitamin K-dependent glycoprotein consisting of 406 amino acid residues. Cloned and expressed in hamster kidney cells, the protein is catalytically active in a two-chain form.
4. Indication:  For treatment of hemorrhagic complications in hemophilia A and B
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Protein C
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Also known as blood coagulation factor XIV, Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of Protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation with thrombosis. Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceptrotin, which is indicated foruse in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
4. Indication:  Protein C Concentrate is indicated for pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor IX Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Factor IX (or Christmas factor) is one of the serine proteases of the coagulation system; it belongs to peptidase family S1. Deficiency of this protein causes hemophilia B.
4. Indication:  Factor IX is used to treat Christmas disease. Factor IX deficiency is treated by injection factor IX produced from human plasma. Tranexamic acid may be of value in patients undergoing surgery who have inherited factor IX deficiency in order to reduce the perioperative risk of bleeding.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant Coagulation Factor IX is a purified Factor IX glycoprotein produced by recombinant DNA technology. It has a primary amino acid sequence that is identical to the Ala148 allelic form of human factor IX, and has structural and functional characteristics similar to those of endogenous factor IX. It is not derived from human blood (unlike human Factor IX complex), and is instead produced by a genetically engineered Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line that secretes recombinant Factor IX into cell medium that is then processed and purified for use as a pharmaceutical agent. Recombinant Factor IX is indicated for the control and prevention of bleeding episodes in adult and pediatric patients with congenital factor IX deficiency (Hemophilia B).
4. Indication:  For treatment of hemophilia (Christmas disease).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), also known as catridecacog, is a recombinant form of the Factor XIII-A2 homodimer composed of two factor XIII (FXIII) A-subunits [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously available coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 catalytic A-subunits and 2 non-catalytic B-subunits (FXIII-A2B2) [4]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII A2B2 pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [2].When supplied as the recombinant form, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) binds to free human FXIII B-subunit resulting in a heterotetramer (rA2B2) with a similar activity profile and half-life as the endogenously available form. In patients with congenital factor XIII A-subunit deficiency, this product (marketed as Tretten) is indicated for the routine prophylaxis of bleeding. In these patients, activated rFXIII has been shown to increase the mechanical strength of fibrin clots, slow down fibrinolysis, and to enhance platelet adhesion to the site of injury. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[4]. Other drug products with similar structure and function to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) include Factor XIII (human), which is a purified endogenous (human) form of coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated, the human form is isolated from pooled human plasma.Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is available in the US as the commmercially available product Tretten, and in the EU as NovoThirteen. Tretten is manufactured as an intracellular, soluble protein in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) production strain containing the episomal expression vector, pD16. It is subsequently isolated by homogenization of cells and purification by several chromatography steps, including hydrophobic interaction and ion exchange chromatography [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For routine prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with congenital factor XIII A-Subunit deficiency.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Plasma protein fraction (human)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sterile, pyrogen free, frozen solution of solvent/detergent (S/D) treated pooled human plasma. The active ingredient comprises plasma proteins such as albumin, immunoglobulins, other globulins, coagulation factors, complement proteins and protease inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Albutrepenonacog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Albutrepenonacog Alfa is a recombinant fusion protein linking Coagulation Factor IX with Albumin (rIX-FP)). CSL Behring developed this drug for their product Idelvion.
4. Indication:  Idelvion was designated as an orphan medicinal product by the European Medicines Agency in the following indication: treatment of haemophilia B.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  TTP889
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Thrombin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Also known as coagulation factor II, thrombin is a serine protease that plays a physiological role in regulating hemostasis and maintaining blood coagulation. Once converted from prothrombin, thrombin converts fibrinogen to fibrin, which, in combination with platelets from the blood, forms a clot. Medical thrombin is a protein substance produced through a conversion reaction in which prothrombin of bovine origin is activated by tissue thromboplastin in the presence of calcium chloride. Thrombin requires no intermediate physiological agent for its action. It clots the fibrinogen of the blood directly. Failure to clot blood occurs in the rare case where the primary clotting defect is the absence of fibrinogen itself.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[11]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [6].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [7, 8].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and Efmoroctocog alfa, which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [7].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  The human antihemophilic factor is indicated for the cases of hemophilia A, also known as classical hemophilia for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes.[12] If surgery is needed in patients with hemophilia A there is a need of correction of the clotting abnormality. In this cases, the human antihemophilic factor may be administered followed by intermittent maintenance doses.[11] The hemophilia A is characterized by the deficiency of the coagulation factor VIII that results in prolonged blood flow after injury or surgery as well as recurrent bleeding.[9]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fibrinogen Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fibrinogen concentrate (human) is a hematological agent. It works by replacing a certain protein in the blood that helps with blood clotting.Fibrinogen (factor I) is a soluble plasma glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 340 kDa.It is a physiological substrate for three enzymes: plasmin, factor XIIIa and thrombin. it is indicated for the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Adomiparin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Drotrecogin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond. Drotrecogin alfa was withdrawn from the market after a major study indicated that it was not effective in improving outcomes in patients with sepsis. 
4. Indication:  For reduction of mortality in patients with severe sepsis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Eftrenonacog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [1]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [2]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [2]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all age with haemophilia B (congenital factor IX deficiency).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nonacog beta pegol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nonacog beta pegol is a recombinant coagulation factor IX derivative. It is produced without animal-derived materials and with an attached 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) molecule for peptide activation by a site-directed glycoPEGylation. Once activated, the activation molecule with PEG are cleaved to leave the activated factor IX (Factor IXa).[1] Nonacog beta pegol was developed by Novo Nordisk, obtained EMA marketing authorisation in June 6, 2017.[9]
4. Indication:  Nonacog beta pegol is indicated for the use in adults and children with hemophilia B for control and prevention of bleeding episodes, routine prophylaxis and perioperative management.[10] In the EMA approval, it is also indicated for on-demand treatment of bleeding episodes.[9] Hemophilia B is characterized by a deficiency in the coagulation factor IX which results in prolonged oozing after injuries and delayed or recurring bleeding prior wound healing. Hemophilia B patients present more frequent bleeding episodes during childhood and adolescence than in adulthood.[7]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluindione is under investigation for the treatment of Venous Thrombosis, Pulmonary Embolism, Permanent Atrial Fibrillation, and Anticoagulating Treatment on a Duration at Least 12-month-old Superior. Fluindione has been investigated for the treatment of Blood Coagulation Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Thrombomodulin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thrombomodulin Alfa is a novel, recombinant and soluble thrombomodulin (ART-123). It is a human protein with both thrombin inhibiting and protein C stimulating activities, for the potential treatment of thromboembolism and blood clotting disorders, such as disseminated intravascular thromboembolism. [5]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood preservative, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), sepsis and septicemia, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prothrombin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prothrombin Complex Concentrate (Human), is indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients with acute major bleeding.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients receiving vitamin K antagonist therapy. Prothrombin is administered as part of a cocktail containing several coagulation factors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Efmoroctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as Moroctocog alfa[1]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [1]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [1, 2]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [2]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and Antihemophilic factor human, which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [1]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
