DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gelatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gelatin is a hydrolyzate derived from naturally occuring collagen. It is composed a mixture of peptides and proteins with varying molecular weights. They are produced from partial hydrolysis of collagen extracted from the skin, bones, and connective tissues of animals such as cattle and pigs [Wikipedia], resulting in individual collagen strands that are more readily rearranged. For over 125 years, gelatin has been used as a food gelling agent in manufacturing practice and ingredient in cosmetic products and pharmaceutical formulations [2]. Gelaltin is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) by the FDA to be a non-hazardous food or food ingredient.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Prednicarbate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug. It is similar in potency to hydrocortisone. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Neocartilage
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Hydroxyproline
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Hydroxyproline is a neutral heterocyclic protein amino acid. It is found in collagen and as such it is common in many gelatin products. Hydroxyproline is mostly used as a diagnostic marker of bone turnover and liver fibrosis. Therapeutically, hydroxyproline is being studied as an an experimental medicine but is approved in France as a combination topical gel product called Cicactive for small, superficial wounds.
4. Indication:  Used in France as a combination product for the treatment of small, superficial wounds.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pirfenidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pirfenidone is an orally active small molecule drug that may inhibit collagen synthesis, down regulate production of multiple cytokines and block fibroblast proliferation and stimulation in response to cytokines. Pirfenidone has demonstrated activity in multiple fibrotic conditions, including those of the lung, kidney and liver. It is being investigated by InterMune.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Halofuginone
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Halofuginone is a low molecular weight quinazolinone alkaloid, and a potent inhibitor of collagen alpha1(I) and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression. Halofuginone also effectively suppresses tumor progression and metastasis in mice. Collgard Biopharmaceuticals is developing halofuginone for the treatment of scleroderma and received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in March, 2000.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of scleroderma, cancer, and restenosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ascorbyl phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ascorbyl phosphate is a synthetic form of Vitamin C and is found in different salt forms such as magnesium ascorbyl phosphate and sodium ascorbyl phosphate. These salts are present in cosmetic products at concentrations ranging from 0.001 % to 3% [1]. As vitamin C is susceptible to breakdown of compound and discoloration in cosmetic formulations, ascorbyl phosphate, along with other Vitamin C derivatives, acts as an active and stable precursor of vitamin C that is readily absorbed into the skin with a hydrating effect on the skin [2]. While ascorbyl phosphate salts provide a constant delivery of vitamin C into the skin, they also mediate an antioxidant action to act as a free radical scavenger and increases collagen production in vitro [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  PDE4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Merck has developed a selective PDE4 inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whereas the potential therapeutic utility of PDE4 inhibition has been demonstrated in various preclinical animal models (e.g., in rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis), clinical evaluation has been restricted by dose-limiting side effects, mainly nausea and emesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
