DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Yttrium Y-90
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Yttrium 90 has been investigated for the treatment of Colon Cancer and Colorectal Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gelatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gelatin is a multifunctional ingredient that is used in foods, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and photographic films as a gelling agent, stabilizer, thickener, emulsifier, as well as film former. As a thermoreversible hydrocolloid with a small gap between its melting and gelling temperatures, gelatin provides unique advantages over carbohydrate-based gelling agents. Gelatin is mainly produced from porcine skin, and cattle hides and bones. Some alternative raw materials have recently gained attention from both researchers and the industry not just because they overcome religious concerns shared by Jews and Muslims but also because they provide, in some cases, technological advantages over mammalian gelatins. Fish skins from a number of fish species are among the other sources that have been comprehensively studied as sources for gelatin production. Fish skins have a significant potential for the production of high-quality gelatin with different melting and gelling temperatures over a much wider range than mammalian gelatins, yet still have a sufficiently high gel strength and viscosity. Gelatin quality is industrially determined by gel strength, viscosity, melting or gelling temperatures, the water content, and microbiological safety. For gelatin manufacturers, yield from a particular raw material is also important. Recent experimental studies have shown that these quality parameters vary greatly depending on the biochemical characteristics of the raw materials, the manufacturing processes applied, and the experimental settings used for quality control tests [6].Gelatin has been used for over 25 years as a food gelling agent in manufacturing practice and ingredient in cosmetic products and pharmaceutical formulations [9]. Gelatin is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) by the FDA to be a non-hazardous food or food ingredient [11].Interestingly, horse gelatin has been studied and it was found that in the horse, gelatin influences the homeostasis of the amino acids required for cartilage synthesis [8].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Diloxanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diloxanide furoate is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.
4. Indication:  Diloxanide is used alone as a primary agent in the treatment of asymptomatic (cyst passers) intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica. Diloxanide may also be used concurrently, or sequentially, with other agents such as the nitroimidazoles (eg. metronidazole) in the treatment of invasive or extraintestinal forms of amebiasis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pentastarch
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pentastarch is an artificial colloid (hydroxyethyl starch derivative). Pentastarch is a subgroup of hydroxyethyl starch, with five hydroxyethyl groups out of each 11 hydroxyls, giving it approximately 50% hydroxyethylation. This compares with tetrastarch at 40% and hetastarch at 70% hydroxyethylation, respectively. It is sold under the name Pentaspan by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is used for fluid resuscitation. It is considered a plasma expander because it remains primarily intravascular after infusion. 
4. Indication:  The primary intended use of pentastarch is as a substitute for older colloids such as albumin or hetastarch for use in plasma volume expansion. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Alginic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Alginic acid, also referred to as algin or alginate, is a hydrophilic or anionic polysaccharide obtained from certain brown algae by alkaline extraction. The linear coploymer is consisted of covalently linked (1-4)-linked β-D-mannuronate (M) residues and its C-5 epimer α-L-guluronate (G) residues that form monomers in a consecutive or alternating fashion. Alginic acid is present in cell walls of brown algae where it forms a viscous gum when binding with water. Alginic acid is a colloid that is added to food products such as soups and soup mixes as an emulsifier, stabilizer, formulation aid or thickening agent. It is also added in pharmaceutical preparations such as Gaviscon to inhibit gastroesophageal reflux by binding with bicarbonate ions.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Icodextrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icodextrin is an iso-osmotic peritoneal dialysis solution containing glucose polymers. It is used primarily for ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for patients with end-stage renal disease. It is injected as a solution into the peritoneal cavity. The drug is absorbed via convective transport via peritoneal lymphatic pathways.
4. Indication:  Used for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients or automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for the management of end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Gadopentetate dimeglumine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)
4. Indication:  For use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults, and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine and associated tissues as well as lesions with abnormal vascularity in the head and neck. Also used to facilitate the visualization of lesions with abnormal vascularity in the body (excluding the heart).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Gadoteric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadoteric acid is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. Gadoteric acid, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
4. Indication:  Gadoteric acid is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Gadodiamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadodiamide is a gadolinium based contrast agent used in MR imaging procedures to assist in the visualization of blood vessels. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Omniscan.
4. Indication:  For intravenous use in MRI to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity (or those thought to cause abnormalities in the blood-brain barrier) in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine, and associated tissues.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Gadoversetamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoversetamide is a gadolinium compound used as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), particularly imaging of the brain, spine and liver. It is marketed under the trade name OptiMARK.
4. Indication:  Gadoversetamide is an MRI contrast agent used for MRI diagnostic procedures to provide increased enhancement and visualization of lesions of the brain, spine and liver, including tumors.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gadoteridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.
4. Indication:  Gadoteridol is an MRI contrast agent used for contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Gadobenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadobenic acid (in the form of gadobenate dimeglumine) is an MRI contrast agent used primarily for MR imaging of the liver. It can also be used for visualizing the CNS and heart. In contrast to conventional extracellular fluid contrast agents, gadobenate dimeglumine is characterized by a weak and transient binding capacity to serum proteins. This binding leads to an increased relaxivity of gadobenate dimeglumine and, consequently, to a considerably increased signal intensity over that of other agents.
4. Indication:  Gadobenate Dimeglumine is an MRI contrast agent used primarily for MR imaging of the liver. It can also be used for MRI of the heart, as well as and central nervous system in adults to visualize lesions with abnormal brain vascularity or abnormalities in the blood brain barrier, the brain, spine, or other associated tissues.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Potassium Iodide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Saturated solution of Potassium Iodide (SSKI) is used pharmaceutically for emergency use in patients experiencing acute symptoms of severe hyperglycemia (also known as thyroid storm or thyrotoxic crisis). SSKI can also be used for radioiodine-contamination emergencies or in preparation of thyrotoxic patients for thyroidectomy.
4. Indication:  Potassium Iodide is oral antithyroid agent. Potassium Iodide is used as an adjunct to other antithyroid agents in the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis and preoperatively to induce thyroid involution.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Hypromellose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hypromellose, or hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) [8], is a semisynthetic, inert, and viscoelastic polymer that forms a colloid solution when dissolved in water. It acts as a thickening agent, coating polymer, bioadhesive, solubility enhancer in solid dispersions, and binder in the process of granulation and in modified release formulations [2]. It is a commonly used as a delivery component in oral pharmaceutical products that provides the release of a drug in a controlled fashion, effectively increasing the duration of release of a drug to prolong its therapeutic effects [1]. Hypromellose is also found in eye drops as a lubricant [3].
4. Indication:  Protectant (ophthalmic) [4]Tears (artificial) [4]Lubricant (ophthalmic) [4]Diagnostic aid (contact lens procedures; gonioscopy) [4]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Prussian blue
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prussian blue is a dark blue synthetic pigment produced by oxidation of ferrous ferrocyanide salts. It contains ferric hexacyanoferrate(II) in a cubic lattice crystal structure. It is insoluble in water but also tends to form a colloid thus can exist in either colloidal or water-soluble form, and an insoluble form. It is orally administered for clinical purposes to be used as an antidote for certain kinds of heavy metal poisoning, such as thallium and radioactive isotopes of caesium. Prussian blue is included in the World Health Organization Model List of Essential Medicines as a specific antidote used in poisonings to provide symptomatic and supportive treatment. It was also administered in individuals exposed to 137-Cs+ during Goiânia accident, one of the worst radioactive contamination incidents that occured in Brazil, 1983.
4. Indication:  Indicated for treatment of patients with known or suspected internal contamination with radioactive cesium and/or radioactive or non-radioactive thallium to increase their rates of elimination. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Copanlisib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copanlisib is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. Copanlisib was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name Aliqopa for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is copanlisib dihydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.
