DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Hydroxyamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test. Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.
4. Indication:  Mydriatic agent (eye pupil dilatation) for diagnosis of ophthalmic nerve lesions.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nedocromil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyranoquinolone derivative that inhibits activation of inflammatory cells which are associated with asthma, including eosinophils, neutrophils, macrophages, mast cells, monocytes, and platelets. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate asthma
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mesoheme
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  The color-furnishing portion of hemoglobin. It is found free in tissues and as the prosthetic group in many hemeproteins. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Curcuma aromatica root oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Curcuma aromatica root oil is obtained from the roots of Curcuma aromatica, or more commonly called wild tumeric, via steamed distillation. Curcuma aromatica belongs to the family Zingiberaceae. The wild ginger has been used as a cosmetic herbal where its rhizomes exhibit a distinct fragrance and color. The major constituents of Curcuma aromatica root oil are reported to be camphor, curzerenone, α-turmerone, ar-turmerone and 1,8-cineole [1]. Curcuma aromatica root oil is also suggested to have antibacterial activity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  PA-1050040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PA1050040, a second generation HIV-1 maturation inhibitor, is a chemical analog of Bevirimat (BVM). It inhibits virus replication by the same mechanism of action as BVM.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aluminum chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chloride is a chemical compound with the chemical formula AlCl3. When contaminated with iron chloride, it often displays a yellow color compared to the white pure compound. It is used in various chemical applications as a Lewis base, with anhydrous aluminium trichloride being the most commonly used Lewis acid. It may also be found in over-the-counter as an antiperspirant or prescription products as an antihemorrhagic agent. In antiperspirant products, FDA approves the use of aluminum chloride as an active ingredient up to 15%, calculated on the hexahydrate form, in an aqueous solution nonaerosol dosage form [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the control of minor hemorrhage during dental restorative procedures.Indicated to reduce underarm perspiration.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi (commonly sestamibi) is a pharmaceutical agent used in nuclear medicine imaging. The drug is a coordination complex consisting of the radioisotope technetium-99m bound to six (sesta=6) methoxyisobutylisonitrile (MIBI) ligands. Following intravenous injection of the drug, Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi is taken up by the myocardium, parathyroid, and/or breast tissue. The mechanism by which sestamibi localizes to these tissues has not been established. Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is then performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.Currently available within a preparation kit for injection, Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Phloxine B
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phloxine B (commonly known simply as phloxine, also known as D&C RED NO. 28) is a color additive which is used both as an inactive ingredient to provide color to products, or as a colorant in dental disclosing tablets. These tablets allow patients to visualise areas where more brushing and flossing are needed.
4. Indication:  For use in dental disclosing products, allowing for highlighting of bacterial placques.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Monobenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Monobenzone is the monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone used medically for depigmentation. Monobenzone occurs as a white, almost tasteless crystalline powder, soluble in alcohol and practically insoluble in water.The topical application of monobenzone in animals increases the excretion of melanin from the melanocytes. The same action is thought to be responsible for the depigmenting effect of the drug in humans. Monobenzone may cause destruction of melanocytes and permanent depigmentation.
4. Indication:  Used topically to treat the loss of skin color (vitiligo).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Liothyronine I-131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liothyronine I-131 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tricuspid Atresia and Heart Defects, Congenital.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Astaxanthin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Astaxanthin is a keto-carotenoid in the terpenes class of chemical compounds. It is classified as a xanthophyll but it is a carotenoid with no vitamin A activity. It is present in most red-coloured aquatic organisms. Astaxanthin has shown to mediate anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. It may be found in fish feed or some animal food as a color additive.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and asthma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Brilliant green
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Brilliant green, or ethanaminium, is a derivative of triarylmethane dye that has been used as a dye to color silk and wool. Due to its inhibitory actions against Gram positive microorganisms, brilliant green can be found in antiseptic products such as solutions and swabs used to prevent infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Zeaxanthin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zeaxanthin is a most common carotenoid alcohols found in nature that is involved in the xanthophyll cycle. As a coexistent isomer of lutein, zeaxanthin is synthesized in plants and some micro-organisms. It gives the distinct yellow color to many vegetables and other plants including paprika, corn, saffron and wolfberries. Zeaxanthin is one of the two primary xanthophyll carotenoids contained within the retina of the eye and plays a predominant component in the central macula. It is available as a dietary supplement for eye health benefits and potential prevention of age-related macular degeneration. Zeaxanthin is also added as a food dye.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Rose bengal
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Rose bengal, or 4,5,6,7-tetrachloro-2',4',5',7'-tetraiodofluorescein, is a pink stain derived as an analogue of fluorescein. Its disodium salt in ophthalmic solutions has been used as a diagnostic agent in suspected damage to conjunctival and corneal cells. It is also used in laboratory settings, including the preparation of Foraminifera for microscopic analysis and suppression of bacterial growth in several microbiological media. A direct cytotoxic effect of Rose bengal on microorganisms and cancer cells has been observed [1], questioning its potential antitumor actions via intralesional injections. The clinical applications of rose bengal as injectable formulation under the name PV-10 in melanoma, breast cancer and skin conditions such as eczema and psoriasis are being investigated in clinical trials [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in routine ocular examinations or when superficial conjunctiva or corneal tissue change is suspected, and as an aid in the diagnosis of keratoconjunctivitis sicca, keratitis, abrasions or corrosions as well as the detection of foreign bodies.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Copper gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper gluconate is a copper salt of D-gluconic acid that displays a light blue to bluish-green color. It is prepared by the reaction of gluconic acid solutions with cupric oxide or basic cupric carbonate. According to the good manufacturing or feeding practice by the FDA, copper gluconate is used as a nutrient or dietary supplement and is generally recognized as safe for use at a level not exceeding 0.005 percent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Chromium picolinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromium picolinate has a chemical formula CrPic3 and reddish-pink color. It is a coordination complex consisting of chromium(III) and picolinic acid. Chromium picolinate is used as a nutritional supplement for optimal insulin function in patients with Type 2 diabetes or promotion of weight loss. Chromium ions are shown to regulate insulin by promoting glucose utilization and increasing the sensitivity of the insulin receptor [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Octinoxate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octinoxate is a cinnamate ester and common ingredient in sunscreen and other skin care products to minimize DNA photodamage. It was originally developed in 1950's as an organic UV-B filter that absorbs UV-B rays from sun. It is often combined with nanoparticles or other water-resistant liposomes in formulations to increase the localization at the epidermis and decrease the risk of percutaneous absorption. Its use in pharmaceutical and cosmetic formulations is approved by FDA.
4. Indication:  As an active ingredient in sunscreens and lip balms. Used for protection against damaging effects of sun rays. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Zinc oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zinc oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula ZnO. ZnO is a white powder that is insoluble in water, and it is widely used as an additive in numerous materials and products including rubbers, plastics, ceramics, glass, cement, lubricants, paints, ointments, adhesives, sealants, pigments, foods, batteries, ferrites, fire retardants, and first-aid tapes. It occurs naturally as the mineral zincite, but most zinc oxide is produced synthetically. It is also widely used to treat a variety of other skin conditions, in products such as baby powder and barrier creams to treat diaper rashes, calamine cream, anti-dandruff shampoos, and antiseptic ointments.
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of diaper dermatitis. Also, it can be used to treat minor skin irritations (eg, cuts, burns, and scrapes, poison ivy).Zinc oxide can be used in ointments, creams, and lotions to protect against sunburn and other damage to the skin caused by ultraviolet light.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  MLN8054
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN8054 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colon Neoplasm, Breast Neoplasm, Bladder Neoplasm, Pancreatic Neoplasm, and Advanced Malignancies.
4. Indication:  Not Available
