DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Diflunisal
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its mechanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation and in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. musculoskeletal trauma, post-dental extraction, post-episiotomy), osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Talbutal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For use as a sedative and hypnotic.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Solnatide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solnatide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Lung Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Torapsel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Torapsel has been used in trials studying the prevention of Ischemia Reperfusion Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Azatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the symptoms of upper respiratory mucosal congestion in perennial and allergic rhinitis, and for the relief of nasal congestion and eustachian t.b. congestion.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Phentermine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant and sympathomimetic with actions and uses similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been used most frequently in the treatment of obesity. [PubChem]. Some common brand names for phentermine are Adipex-P® and Suprenza™. Phentermine is also available in combination medications such as Qsymia®.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  KAI-1455
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ischemic reperfusion injury.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Hexobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is effective as a hypnotic and sedative.
4. Indication:  For the induction of anesthesia prior to the use of other general anesthetic agents and for induction of anesthesia for short surgical, diagnostic, or therapeutic procedures associated with minimal painful stimuli.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Loxoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loxoprofen (INN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives group, which also includes ibuprofen and naproxen, among others. It is marketed in Brazil, Mexico and Japan by Sankyo as its sodium salt, loxoprofen sodium, under the trade name Loxonin, Argentina as Oxeno and in India as Loxomac. It is available in these countries for oral administration, and a transdermal preparation was approved for sale in Japan in January 2006.
4. Indication:  Loxoprofen is non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (NSAID) indicated for pain and inflammation related to musculoskeletal and joint disorders [3]. In addition to its effects on pain, it is an antipyretic and anti-inflammatory medication [4].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pentobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting barbiturate that is effective as a sedative and hypnotic (but not as an anti-anxiety) agent and is usually given orally. It is prescribed more frequently for sleep induction than for sedation but, like similar agents, may lose its effectiveness by the second week of continued administration. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p236)
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ioversol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ioversol is an organoiodine compound used as a diagnostic contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content, as well as several hydrophilic groups.
4. Indication:  Optiray 350 is indicated in adults for peripheral and coronary arteriography and left ventriculography. Optiray 350 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, intravenous excretory urography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and venography. Optiray 350 is indicated in children for angiocardiography.Optiray 320 is indicated in adults for angiography throughout the cardiovascular system. The uses include cerebral, coronary, peripheral, visceral and renal arteriography, venography, aortography, and left ventriculography. Optiray 320 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 320 is indicated in children for angiocardiography, contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 300 is indicated for cerebral angiography and peripheral arteriography. Optiray 300 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, venography, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 240 is indicated for cerebral angiography and venography. Optiray 240 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body and intravenous excretory urography.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hydromorphone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic derived from morphine and used mainly as an analgesic. It has a shorter duration of action and is more potent than morphine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of moderate to severe pain such as that due to surgery, cancer, trauma/injury, or burns.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Secobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Secobarbital (marketed by Eli Lilly and Company under the brand names Seconal® and Tuinal) is a barbiturate derivative drug. It possesses anaesthetic, anticonvulsant, sedative and hypnotic properties. In the United Kingdom, it was known as Quinalbarbitone.
4. Indication:  For the Short-term treatment of intractable insomnia for patients habituated to barbiturates
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sprifermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sprifermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Cartilage Injury of Knee.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methylphenobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is metabolized to phenobarbital. It has been used for similar purposes, especially in epilepsy, but there is no evidence mephobarbital offers any advantage over phenobarbital. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of anxiety, tension, and apprehension, also used as an anticonvulsant for the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Apraclonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.
4. Indication:  For prevention or reduction of intraoperative and postoperative increases in intraocular pressure (IOP) before and after ocular laser surgery when used prophylactically. Also used as a short-term adjunctive therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma who are on maximally tolerated medical therapy requiring additional IOP reduction.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Perfluoro tert-butylcyclohexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oxycyte has been used in trials studying the treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Thiamylal
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anesthesia, or for inducing a hypnotic state. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p919)
4. Indication:  Used for the production of complete anaesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anaesthesia, and for inducing a hypnotic state.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Malathion
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Malathion is a parasympathomimetic organophosphate compound that is used as an insecticide for the treatment of head lice. Malathion is an irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor and has low human toxicity.
4. Indication:  For patients infected with Pediculus humanus capitis (head lice and their ova) of the scalp hair.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nefazodone
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nefazodone hydrochloride (trade name Serzone) is an antidepressant drug marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Its sale was discontinued in 2003 in some countries, due to the small possibility of hepatic (liver) injury, which could lead to the need for a liver transplant, or even death. The incidence of severe liver damage is approximately 1 in 250,000 to 300,000 patient-years. On May 20, 2004, Bristol-Myers Squibb discontinued the sale of Serzone in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thiothixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioxanthine used as an antipsychotic agent. Its effects are similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
