DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Etravirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infections resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Elvitegravir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elvitegravir is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) integrase strand transfer inhibitor (INSTI) used for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults. Because integrase is necessary for viral replication, inhibition prevents the integration of HIV-1 DNA into the host genome and thereby blocks the formation of the HIV-1 provirus and resulting propagation of the viral infection. Although available as a single dose tablet, elvitegravir must be used in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and another antiretroviral drug.It was developed by the pharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, which licensed EVG from Japan Tobacco in March 2008. The drug gained approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 27, 2012 for use in adult patients starting HIV treatment for the first time as part of the fixed dose combination known as Stribild. On September 24, 2014 the FDA approved Elvitegravir (tradename Vitekta) as a single pill formulation.
4. Indication:  Elvitegravir in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and with other antiretroviral drug(s) is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nevirapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in combination with nucleoside analogues for treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) infection and AIDS. [PubChem] Structurally, nevirapine belongs to the dipyridodiazepinone chemical class. 
4. Indication:  For use in combination with other antiretroviral drugs in the ongoing treatment of HIV-1 infection.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lamivudine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A reverse transcriptase inhibitor and zalcitabine analog in which a sulfur atom replaces the 3' carbon of the pentose ring. It is used to treat Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis B (HBV).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV infection and chronic hepatitis B (HBV).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Megestrol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  17-Hydroxy-6-methylpregna-3,6-diene-3,20-dione. A progestational hormone used most commonly as the acetate ester. As the acetate, it is more potent than progesterone both as a progestagen and as an ovulation inhibitor. It has also been used in the palliative treatment of breast cancer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia, cachexia, or an unexplained, significant weight loss in patients with a diagnosis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used for the palliative management of recurrent, inoperable, or metastatic breast cancer, endometrial cancer, and prostate cancer in Canada and some other countries.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dinutuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dinutuximab is an IgG1 monoclonal human/mouse chimeric antibody against GD2, a disialoganglioside expressed on tumors of neuroectodermal origin, including human neuroblastoma and melanoma, with highly restricted expression on normal tissues. It is composed of the variable heavy- and light-chain regions of the murine anti-GD2 mAb 14.18 and the constant regions of human IgG1 heavy-chain and kappa light-chain. By binding to GD2, dinutiximab induces antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity and complement-dependent cytotoxicity of tumor cells thereby leading to apoptosis and inhibiting proliferation of the tumour. It is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
4. Indication:  Dinutuximab is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Common carp
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Common carp allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Grazoprevir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Grazoprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [6]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Grazoprevir. Grazoprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [4]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Grazoprevir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Elbasvir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Grazoprevir as first line therapy in combination with Elbasvir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [4]. Grazoprevir and Elbasvir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [5].Grazoprevir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Elbasvir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Grazoprevir and Elbasvir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [6]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Grazoprevir is indicated in combination with Elbasvir (as the fixed dose combination product Zepatier) with or without Ribavirin for treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, or 4 infection in adults. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Artemisia tridentata pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Artemisia tridentata pollen is the pollen of the Artemisia tridentata plant. Artemisia tridentata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Elbasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elbasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [5]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Elbasvir. Elbasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [Synthesis]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [3]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 are known to confer resistance to Elbasvir [FDA Label]. Despite this disadvantage Elbasvir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Grazoprevir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Elbasvir as first line therapy in combination with Grazoprevir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [3]. Elbasvir and Grazoprevir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4].Elbasvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Grazoprevir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Elbasvir and Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [5]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Elbasvir, when used in combination with Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier, is indicated for use with or without ribavirin for the treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  GSK-364735
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK-364735 (Naphthyridinone) has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection and Infection, Human Immunodeficiency Virus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cobicistat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cobicistat, trade name Tybost (formerly GS-9350), is a licensed drug for use in the treatment of infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Although it does not have any anti-HIV activity, cobicistat acts as a pharmacokinetic enhancer by inhibiting cytochrome P450 3A isoforms (CYP3A) and therefore increases the systemic exposure of coadministered agents that are metabolized by CYP3A enzymes. More specifically, cobicistat is indicated to increase systemic exposure of atazanavir or darunavir (once daily dosing regimen) in combination with other antiretroviral agents in the treatment of HIV-1 infection. Increasing systemic exposure of anti-retrovirals (ARVs) without increasing dosage allows for better treatment outcomes and a decreased side effect profile.
4. Indication:  Cobicistat is a CYP3A inhibitor indicated to increase systemic exposure of atazanavir or darunavir (once daily dosing regimen) in combination with other antiretroviral agents in the treatment of HIV-1 infection. It is not interchangeable with ritonavir to increase systemic exposure of darunavir 600 mg twice daily, fosamprenavir, saquinavir, or tipranavir due to lack of exposure data. The use of cobicistat is not recommended with darunavir 600 mg twice daily, fosamprenavir, saquinavir or tipranavir. Complex or unknown mechanisms of drug interactions preclude extrapolation of ritonavir drug interactions to certain cobicistat interactions. Cobicistat and ritonavir when administered with either atazanavir or darunavir may result in different drug interactions when used with concomitant medications.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Bictegravir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bictegravir is a recently approved investigational drug that has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 and HIV-2 infection. It has been approved for HIV-1 monotherapy combined with 2 other antiretrovirals in a single tablet.
4. Indication:  Bictegravir is indicated in the management of HIV-1 infection in patients not previously treated with antiretroviral therapy. Additionally, Bictegravir is indicated in the management of HIV-1 infection in patients who are virologically suppressed (HIV-1 RNA <50 c/mL) on a regular antiretroviral regimen for a minimum of three months without a history of failure in treatment and no known factors associated with the resistance to the individual components of the medication. It is used in combination with tenofovir and emtricitabine [3, 4].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy for the treatment of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is a type of a non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the second cell-based gene therapy that is FDA-approved but the first in the treatment of large B-cell lymphoma in adult patients. Uniquely, axicabtagene ciloleucel utilizes each patient’s own immune system where each dose of the drug consists of the patient's genetically modified T-cells that were previously collected. The modified version of the T-cell expresses a new gene that targets and kills the lymphoma cells and is infused back into the patient. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common type of NHL in adults that mostly originates from the lymph nodes but can initiate outside of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma cells appear to be much larger in size than normal lymphocytes. In a multicenter clinical trial, the patients who were treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel achieved the complete remission rate of 51%. Developed by Kite Pharma, Inc., it was approved on October 18th, 2017 by the FDA as an intravenously infused anticancer therapy and is marketed under the brand name Yescarta.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, high grade B-cell lymphoma, and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CCR5 mAb
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCR5 mAb is a fully human monoclonal antibody that specifically recognizes and binds the chemokine receptor CCR5, which is known to be a key facilitator of infection with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV-1). It was generated by HGS using the Abgenix XenoMouse technology. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dimiracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dimiracetam has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIDS, Neuropathy, and Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tifuvirtide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tifuvirtide is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections and HIV infection.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Daclizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Humanized IgG1 Mab that binds to the human interleukin-2 receptor (anti-Tac or anti-CD25). Daclizumab is a composite of human (90%) and murine (10%) antibody sequences. The human sequences were derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the Eu myeloma antibody. The murine sequences were derived from the complementarity-determining regions of a murine anti-Tac antibody.On 22 April 2008, Roche Registration Limited chose to voluntarily withdraw the marketing authorization for their product Zenapax (daclizumab), as indicated for the prophylaxis of acute organ rejection in de novo allogeneic renal transplantation and used concomitantly with an immunosuppressive regimen like cyclosporine and corticosteroids in patients who are not hight immunized, for commercial reasons and confirmed that this decision was not related to any safety concerns associated with the use of Zenapax (daclizumab) [2]. Regardless of the withdrawal of Zenapax, Biogen and Abbvie's Zinbryta (daclizumab), as indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis, was approved for use by the FDA in 2016 [3]. Despite being approved for use, Zinbryta (daclizumab)'s complex pre-existing safety profile consisting of its restricted availability through a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program [1] and its black box warning for possible hepatic injury, autoimmune hepatitis, and other immune mediated disorders [1] meant its therapeutic usage, adverse effects, and prescribing information was subject to continuous monitoring and updating.Although Zinbryta (daclizumab) was available for patients as needed until 30 April 2018, Biogen and Abbvie announced a voluntary withdrawal of their product Zinbryta (daclizumab) from the global market on 2 March 2018 [1]. This withdrawal was concurrent to the European Medicines Agency announcement of a recall owing to 12 worldwide reports of serious inflammatory brain disorders associated with the use of Zinbryta (daclizumab) [1].
4. Indication:  Zenapax is a humanized monoclonal antibody used for prevention of renal transplant rejection
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Doravirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Doravirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1, HIV-1 Infection, Renal Impairment, and Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) Infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
