DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dihydrexidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dihydrexidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of SPD, Cocaine-Related Disorders, and Schizotypal Personality Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Lubazodone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Lubazodone (YM-992, YM-35,995) is an arylpiperazine antidepressant which was being developed as a treatment for depression and obsessive compulsive disorder, and reached phase II clinical trials, but was discontinued. It acts as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor and 5-HT2A receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fluvoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant which functions pharmacologically as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Though it is in the same class as other SSRI drugs, it is most often used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.Fluvoxamine has been in use in clinical practice since 1983 and has a clinical trial database comprised of approximately 35,000 patients. It was launched in the US in December 1994 and in Japan in June 1999. As of the end of 1995, more than 10 million patients worldwide have been treated with fluvoxamine.
4. Indication:  Indicated predominantly for the management of depression and for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) [FDA Label]. Has also been used in the management of bulimia nervosa [2].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Rapastinel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rapastinel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Major and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Paroxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paroxetine hydrochloride and paroxetine mesylate belong to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ⍺- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects). Side effects generally occur during the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Paroxetine hydrochloride and mesylate are considered therapeutic alternatives rather than generic equivalents by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA); both agents contain the same active moiety (i.e. paroxetine), but are formulated as different salt forms. Clinical studies establishing the efficacy of paroxetine in various conditions were performed using paroxetine hydrochloride. Since both agents contain the same active moiety, the clinical efficacy of both agents is thought to be similar. Paroxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Paroxetine has the most evidence supporting its use for anxiety-related disorders of the SSRIs. It has the greatest anticholinergic activity of the agents in this class and compared to other SSRIs, paroxetine may cause greater weight gain, sexual dysfunction, sedation and constipation.
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bitopertin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bitopertin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Escitalopram
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Escitalopram, the S-enantiomer of citalopram, belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Escitalopram may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Unlabeled indications include treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sertraline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sertraline hydrochloride belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake [7]. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a more detailed listing of side effects). Compared to other agents in this class, sertraline may cause greater diarrheal and male sexual dysfunction effects [5]. Sertraline displays a better safety or tolerability profile than other classes of antidepressants [6]. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors [7]. Sertraline has shown therapeutic effectiveness as a treatment for major depressive disorder [1], obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2], panic disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [3], premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [4] and social anxiety disorder (social phobia).
4. Indication:  For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), panic disorder (PD) with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), and social anxiety disorder (SAD) [FDA Label]. It may be used for premature ejaculation and vascular headaches as off-label indications. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Propiomazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propiomazine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, propiomazine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors.
4. Indication:  Propiomazine is largely used for its antihistamininc sleep inducing effects in treating insomnia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Phenelzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenelzine, with the formula β-phenylethylhydrazine, is a monoamine oxidase inhibiting antidepressant that is effective in the treatment of panic disorder and social anxiety disorder.[3] It was developed by Parke Davis and originally FDA approved on June 9th, 1961. It is currently approved under prescription by the name of Nardil.
4. Indication:  Phenelzine is indicated for the treatment of nonendogenous, neurotic or atypical depression for patients that do not tolerate other forms of therapy.[12] Atypical depression has a high prevalence rate, starts in early life, tends to last longer, is more likely to occur in people with bipolar disorder, has a high comorbidity with anxiety disorder and carries more risk of suicidal behavior. It is important to specify the atypical feature to predict the clinical course of depression and hence generate the best treatment and service. The featuring symptoms of the atypical feature include mood reactivity, two or more of this symptoms: 1) increased appetite, 2) increased sleep, 3) leaden paralysis and 4) interpersonal rejection sensitivity and should not have melancholic or catatonic features of depression.[4]Neurotic depression is a depression of an emotionally unstable person. It is a secondary condition to major personality disorder, neuroses and drug use disorders. Likewise, a primary depression with a family history of depression spectrum disease would fit in this category.[5]A nonendogenous depression is characterized by a disturbance in mood and general outlook. The physical symptoms tend to be less severe and it often occurs in response to stressful life events that keep occurring over a large period of time generating a continuous stress in the daily living.[6]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Thiethylperazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A dopamine antagonist that is particularly useful in treating the nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia, mildly emetic cancer chemotherapy agents, radiation therapy, and toxins. This piperazine phenothiazine does not prevent vertigo or motion sickness. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p457)
4. Indication:  For the treatment or relief of nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fluoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fluoxetine hydrochloride is the first agent of the class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Fluoxetine is a racemic mixture of the R- and S- enantiomers and are of equivalent pharmacologic activity. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Fluoxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and in combination with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Fluoxetine is the most anorexic and stimulating SSRI.
4. Indication:  Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Citalopram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). In spite of structural differences between compounds in this class, the SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be indicated before a clinical effect is noticed. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake in the neurons. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute usage, SSRIs inhibit serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The general clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction, and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. Off-label indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lamotrigine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. In the US, lamotrigine is available as oral tablets under the market name Lamictal. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. While lamotrigine is primarily indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that it could have some clinical efficacy in some neuropathic pain states. Lamotrigine is also used as an off-label drug in treating other neurologic and psychiatric pathologies like borderline personality disorder [6]. The exact mechanism of action of lamotrigine is not fully elucidated, as it may have multiple cellular actions that contribute to its broad clinical efficacy.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy for the following seizure types in patients ≥2 years of age: partial seizures/primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures/generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome [FDA Label].Indicated for conversion to monotherapy in adults (≥16 years of age) with partial seizures who are receiving treatment with carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, or valproate as the single antiepileptic drug (AED)[FDA Label]. Indicated for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder to delay the time to occurrence of mood episodes (depression, mania, hypomania, mixed episodes) in adults (≥18 years of age) treated for acute mood episodes with standard therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Olanzapine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olanzapine is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the FDA in 1996. Olanzapine is manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company, whose patent for olanzapine proper ends in 2011.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders, as well as acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar 1 disorder. Intramuscular olanzapine is indicated for the rapid control of agitated patients.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  OPC-14523
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OPC-14523 is an antidepressant drug developed by Otsuka America Pharmaceutical.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bulimia, depression, and obsessive-compulsive disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  L-Tryptophan
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An essential amino acid that is necessary for normal growth in infants and for nitrogen balance in adults. It is a precursor of indole alkaloids in plants. It is a precursor of serotonin (hence its use as an antidepressant and sleep aid). It can be a precursor to niacin, albeit inefficiently, in mammals.
4. Indication:  Tryptophan may be useful in increasing serotonin production, promoting healthy sleep, managing depression by enhancing mental and emotional well-being, managing pain tolerance, and managing weight.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Acetylcysteine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcysteine (also known as N-acetylcysteine or N-acetyl-L-cysteine or NAC) is primarily used as a mucolytic agent and in the management of acetaminophen poisoning. It is a derivative of cysteine with an acetyl group attached to the amino group of cysteine. NAC is essentially a prodrug that is converted to cysteine (in the intestine by the enzyme aminoacylase 1) and absorbed in the intestine into the blood stream. Cysteine is a key constituent to glutathione and hence administration of acetylcysteine replenishes glutathione stores. Acetylcysteine can also be used as a general antioxidant which can help mitigate symptoms for a variety of diseases exacerbated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). For instance, acetylcysteine is commonly used in individuals with renal impairment to prevent the precipitation of acute renal failure. Acetylcysteine has been shown to have efficacy in treating mild to moderate traumatic brain injury including ischemic brain injury, particularly in reducing neuronal losses, and also reducing cognitive and neurological symptoms when administered promptly after injury. N-acetylcysteine is now widely used in the treatment of HIV, and it has reported efficacy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and contrast-induced nephropathy. Acetylcysteine is also being successfully used to treat a variety of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders including cocaine, cannabis, and smoking addictions, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, autism, compulsive and grooming disorders, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Recent data also shows that N-acetylcysteine inhibits muscle fatigue and can be used to enhance performance in endurance events and in exercise and endurance training.Acetylcysteine is also undergoing clinical trials as RK-0202, an oral rinse for the prevention and treatment of mucositis. It is comprised of acetylcysteine in a polymer matrix.
4. Indication:  Acetylcysteine is used mainly as a mucolytic and in the management of paracetamol (acetaminophen) overdose.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lanicemine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanicemine has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dasotraline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
