DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Interferon alfa-n3
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified, natural (n is for natural) human interferon alpha proteins (consists of 3 forms or polymorphisms including 2a, 2b and 2c). 166 residues, some are glycosylated (MW range from 16 kD to 27 kD).
4. Indication:  For the intralesional treatment of refractory or recurring external condylomata acuminata.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sinecatechins
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Sinecatechins is a botanical drug product for topical use. It is a partially purified fraction of the water extract of green tea leaves from Camellia sinensis, and is a mixture of catechins and other green tea components. Catechins constitute 85 to 95% (by weight) of the total drug substance which includes more than 55% of Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCg), other catechin derivatives such as Epicatechin (EC), Epigallocatechin (EGC), Epicatechin gallate (ECg) and some additional minor catechin derivatives i.e. Gallocatechin gallate (GCg), Gallocatechin (GC), Catechin gallate (Cg), and Catechin (C). In addition to the known catechin components, it also contains gallic acid, caffeine, and theobromine which together constitute about 2.5% of the drug substance. The remaining amount of the drug substance contains undefined botanical constituents derived from green tea leaves.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of external genital and perianal warts (Condylomata acuminata) in immunocompetent patients 18 years and older.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Podophyllin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the root of the plant Podophyllum sp. Berberidaceae (mandrake), which contains numerous compounds, among which podophyllotoxin. Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.
4. Indication:  25% podophyllin (in benzoin tincture) is indicated for the removal of soft genital (venereal) warts (condylomata acuminata).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Camptothecin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA topoisomerase, type I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatment of cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Imiquimod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Imiquimod is an immune response modifier that acts as a toll-like receptor 7 agonist. Imiquimod is commonly used topically to treat warts on the skin of the genital and anal areas. Imiquimod does not cure warts, and new warts may appear during treatment. Imiquimod does not fight the viruses that cause warts directly, however, it does help to relieve and control wart production. Miquimod is also used to treat a skin condition of the face and scalp called actinic keratoses and certain types of skin cancer called superficial basal cell carcinoma.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of clinically typical, nonhyperkeratotic, nonhypertrophic actinic keratoses on the face or scalp in immunocompetent adults. Also indicated for the treatment of external genital and perianal warts/condyloma acuminata in individuals 12 years old and above.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Topotecan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer. It works by inhibiting DNA topoisomerases, type I. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer in patients with disease that has recurred or progressed following therapy with platinum-based regimens. Also used as a second-line therapy for treatment-sensitive small cell lung cancer, as well as in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of stage IV-B, recurrent, or persistent cervical cancer not amenable to curative treatment with surgery and/or radiation therapy.
