DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Simoctocog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simoctocog alfa is a recombinant B-domain deleted (BDD) rFVIII produced in genetically modified human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293F cells. The harvested product is concentrated and purified by a series of chromatography steps. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used as a replacement therapy in individuals with Haemophilia A who lack the factor VIII in the intrinsic pathway of blood coagulation system. As patients with haemophilia A are predisposed to episodes of recurrent bleeding [2], simoctocog alfa can be administered for the treatment or prevention of bleeding such as prior to surgical procedures.Simoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein consisting of 1440 amino acids with an approximate molecular mass of 170 kDa, comprising the FVIII domains A1-A2 + A3-C1-C2 whereas the B-domain, present in the full-length plasma-derived FVIII, has been deleted and replaced by a 16 amino acid linker. Simoctocog alfa is a fourth-generation BDD FVIII product made in the human embryonic kidney (HEK) cell line. Full human post-translational modifications via elimination of potentially immunogenic glycosylation patterns found in non-human cell lines led to decreased immunogenicity and longer half-life [1]. Simoctocog alfa is marketed in Europe under the trade name Nuwiq for intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all ages with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vatreptacog alfa
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatreptacog Alfa (Activated) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia B, Haemophilia A, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia A With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia B With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pimagedine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pimagedine has been developed by Synvista Therapeutics, Inc for the treatment of diabetic kidney disease. It is an advanced glycation end product inhibitor which manages diabetic nephropathy, either alone or in combination with other therapies. It is beneficial in treating patients with diabetic nephropathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic kidney disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tunicamycin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Tunicamycin is a mixture of homologous nucleoside antibiotics that inhibits the UDP-HexNAc: polyprenol-P HexNAc-1-P family of enzymes. In eukaryotes, this includes the enzyme GlcNAc phosphotransferase (GPT), which catalyzes the transfer of N-acetylglucosamine-1-phosphate from UDP-N-acetylglucosamine to dolichol phosphate in the first step of glycoprotein synthesis. Tunicamycin blocks N-linked glycosylation (N-glycans) and treatment of cultured human cells with tunicamycin causes cell cycle arrest in G1 phase. It is used as an experimental tool in biology, e.g. to induce unfolded protein response. Tunicamycin is produced by several bacteria, including Streptomyces clavuligerus and Streptomyces lysosuperficus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Darbepoetin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human erythropoietin with 2 aa substitutions to enhance glycosylation (5 N-linked chains), 165 residues (MW=37 kD). Produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells by recombinant DNA technology.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anemia (from renal transplants or certain HIV treatment)
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Thyrotropin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thyrotropin alfa is a recombinant form of thyroid stimulating hormone used in performing certain tests in patients who have or have had thyroid cancer. It is also used along with a radioactive agent to destroy remaining thyroid tissue in certain patients who have had their thyroid gland removed because of thyroid cancer. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein comprised of two non-covalently linked subunits, an alpha subunit of 92 amino acid residues containing two N-linked glycosylation sites and a beta subunit of 112 residues containing one N-linked glycosylation site. The alpha subunit is nearly identical to that of human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG), luteinizing hormone (LH), and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). The alpha subunit is thought to be the effector region responsible for stimulation of adenylate cyclase (involved the generation of cAMP). The beta subunit (TSHB) is unique to TSH, and therefore determines its receptor specificity. The amino acid sequence of thyrotropin alfa is identical to that of human pituitary thyroid stimulating hormone.
4. Indication:  For detection of residueal or recurrent thyroid cancer
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Omigapil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omigapil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  KAI-1455
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ischemic reperfusion injury.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Fibrinogen Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fibrinogen concentrate (human) is a hematological agent. It works by replacing a certain protein in the blood that helps with blood clotting.Fibrinogen (factor I) is a soluble plasma glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 340 kDa.It is a physiological substrate for three enzymes: plasmin, factor XIIIa and thrombin. it is indicated for the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), also known as catridecacog, is a recombinant form of the Factor XIII-A2 homodimer composed of two factor XIII (FXIII) A-subunits [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously available coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 catalytic A-subunits and 2 non-catalytic B-subunits (FXIII-A2B2) [4]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII A2B2 pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [2].When supplied as the recombinant form, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) binds to free human FXIII B-subunit resulting in a heterotetramer (rA2B2) with a similar activity profile and half-life as the endogenously available form. In patients with congenital factor XIII A-subunit deficiency, this product (marketed as Tretten) is indicated for the routine prophylaxis of bleeding. In these patients, activated rFXIII has been shown to increase the mechanical strength of fibrin clots, slow down fibrinolysis, and to enhance platelet adhesion to the site of injury. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[4]. Other drug products with similar structure and function to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) include Factor XIII (human), which is a purified endogenous (human) form of coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated, the human form is isolated from pooled human plasma.Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is available in the US as the commmercially available product Tretten, and in the EU as NovoThirteen. Tretten is manufactured as an intracellular, soluble protein in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) production strain containing the episomal expression vector, pD16. It is subsequently isolated by homogenization of cells and purification by several chromatography steps, including hydrophobic interaction and ion exchange chromatography [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For routine prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with congenital factor XIII A-Subunit deficiency.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Belimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Belimumab is an intravenous immunosupressant for the adjunctive treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). More specifically, it is a fully human recombinant IgG1λ monoclonal antibody produced from a recombinant NS0 cell line stably transfected with the belimumab heavy chain and light chain genes. It is the first biological treatment approved for the indication of SLE. Concomitant use with live or inactivated vaccines must be avoided. Belimumab was FDA approved on March 9, 2011. Belimumab consists of 2 heavy chains, and 2 light chains of the lambda subclass. Each heavy chain contains 452 amino acid residues and each light chain contains 214 amino acid residues. There are 3 post-translational modifications: a conserved N-linked glycosylation on the CH2 domain at Asn 303 of the heavy chain, the conversion of the N-terminal glutamine residue of the heavy chain into pyroglutamate, and loss of C-terminal lysine residue of the heavy chain.
4. Indication:  Adjunct treatment for auto-antibody-positive active systemic lupus erythematosus. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
