DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Isunakinra
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Isunakinra has been investigated for the treatment of Dry Eye and Allergic Conjunctivitis (AC).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Spaglumic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spaglumic acid is the β-aspartyl isoform of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate (isospaglumic Acid is N-(N-Acetyl-l-α-aspartyl)-l-glutamic acid). In eye drops, spaglumic acid is either a magnesium or sodium salt of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate. Spaglumic acid is a mast cell stabilizer. Thus it is used in allergic conditions such as allergic conjunctivitis. Specifically spaglumic acid is approved in Portugal under the brand name Naabak and in Greece under the brand name Naaxia for use in patients with allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Used in patients with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Levocabastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levocabastine is a selective second-generation H1-receptor antagonist used for allergic conjunctivitis. Levocabastine was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1979.
4. Indication:  As an ophthalmic for the temporary relief of the signs and symptoms of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. Also used as a nasal spray for allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chloropyramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloropyramine is a first generation antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions. Related indications for clinical use include Quincke's edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pemirolast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Epinastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Epinastine is used for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. It has a multi-action effect that inhibits the allergic response in 3 ways: 1. stabilizes mast cells by preventing mast cell degranulation to control the allergic response, 2. prevents histamine binding to both the H1- and H2-receptors to stop itching and provide lasting protection, and 3. prevents the release of proinflammatory chemical mediators from the blood vessel to halt progression of the allergic response.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Antazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antazoline is a 1st generation antihistamine that also anticholinergic properties used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Azelastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Azelastine, a phthalazine derivative, is an antihistamine and mast cell stabilizer available as a nasal spray for hay fever and as eye drops for allergic conjunctivitis. Azelastine is also available as a combination product of azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate called Dymista™. Dymista™ is indicated in patient over 12 years old for symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and non-allergic rhinitis, as well as symptomatic relief of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Olopatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Used to treat allergic conjunctivitis (itching eyes), olopatadine inhibits the release of histamine from mast cells. It is a relatively selective histamine H1 antagonist that inhibits the in vivo and in vitro type 1 immediate hypersensitivity reaction including inhibition of histamine induced effects on human conjunctival epithelial cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Emedastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Emedastine is an antihistamine used in eye drops to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  For the temporary relief of the signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Alcaftadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alcaftadine is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist indicated for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. This drug was approved in July 2010.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bepotastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bepotastine is a non-sedating, selective antagonist of the histamine 1 (H1) receptor. Bepotastine was approved in Japan for use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and uriticaria/puritus in July 2000 and January 2002, respectively, and is marketed by Tanabe Seiyaku Co., Ltd. under the brand name Talion. It is available in oral and opthalmic dosage forms in Japan. The opthalmic solution is FDA approved since Sept 8, 2009 and is under the brand name Bepreve. 
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of itchy eyes (caused by IgE-induced mast cell degranulation) due to allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Loteprednol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Loteprednol (as Loteprednol Etabonate) is a topical corticoid antiinflammatory. It is used in ophthalmic solution for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, is used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  As an ophthalmic it is used for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Medrysone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Medrysone is a corticosteroid used in ophthalmology. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, episcleritis, and epinephrine sensitivity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Triprolidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cyproheptadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, cold urticaria, dermatographism, and as therapy for anaphylactic reactions adjunctive to epinephrine.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Carbinoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state "do not use" in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unapproved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cause serious health risks.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and vasomotor rhinitis, as well as allergic conjunctivitis caused by foods and inhaled allergens. Also for the relief of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and the symptomatic management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dexchlorpheniramine maleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexchlorpheniramine is the S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine which is a 1st generation anti-histamine. Dexchlorpheniramine has more pharmacological activity than the R and so is more potent than the racemic mixture.
4. Indication:  Dexchlorpheniramine can be used in the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhiniti, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and dermographism.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lodoxamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lodoxamide is a mast-cell stabilizer for topical administration into the eye. Mast-cell stabilizers, first one approved being cromolyn sodium, are used in treatment of ocular hypersensitivity reactions such as vernal conjunctivitis. These conditions often require treatment with anti-inflammatory medications such as ophthalmic NSAIDs or topical steroids which may cause systemic or toxic effects long-term. Although less effective than topical steroids at decreasing inflammation, mast-cell stabilizers offer another treatment option and exhibit minimal adverse effects. Lodoxamide is marketed under the brand name Alomide by Alcon. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of the ocular disorders referred to by the terms vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ketotifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an add-on or prophylactic oral medication in the chronic treatment of mild atopic asthmatic children. Also used as self-medication for the temporary relief of itching of the eye due to allergic conjunctivitis (ophthalmic).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus house dust mites, or skin testing to licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Auriclosene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Auriclosene has been used in trials studying the treatment of Impetigo, Bacterial Conjunctivitis, Asymptomatic Bacteriuria, and Adenoviral Conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
