DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Auriclosene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Auriclosene has been used in trials studying the treatment of Impetigo, Bacterial Conjunctivitis, Asymptomatic Bacteriuria, and Adenoviral Conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Besifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Besifloxacin is a fourth generation fluoroquinolone-type opthalmic antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. FDA approved on May 28, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. Bacterial isolates that are susceptible to besifloxacin include: CDC coryneform group G; Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum; Corynebacterium striatum; Haemophilus influenzae; Moraxella lacunata; Staphylococcus aureus; Staphylococcus epidermidis; Staphylococcus hominis; Staphylococcus lugdunensis; Streptococcus mitis group; Streptococcus oralis; Streptococcus pneumoniae; Streptococcus salivarius* 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Levofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of the following organisms: Corynebacterium species, Staphylococus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus (Groups C/F/G), Viridans group streptococci, Acinetobacter lwoffii, Haemophilus influenzae, Serratia marcescens.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sulfisoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Chloramphenicol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antibiotic first isolated from cultures of Streptomyces venequelae in 1947 but now produced synthetically. It has a relatively simple structure and was the first broad-spectrum antibiotic to be discovered. It acts by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis and is mainly bacteriostatic. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p106)
4. Indication:  Used in treatment of cholera, as it destroys the vibrios and decreases the diarrhea. It is effective against tetracycline-resistant vibrios. It is also used in eye drops or ointment to treat bacterial conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Moxifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxifloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent. Bayer AG developed the drug (initially called BAY 12-8039) and it is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand name Avelox (in some countries also Avalox) for oral treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of sinus and lung infections such as sinusitis, pneumonia, and secondary infections in chronic bronchitis. Also for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis (pinkeye).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Isunakinra
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Isunakinra has been investigated for the treatment of Dry Eye and Allergic Conjunctivitis (AC).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Natamycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amphoteric macrolide antifungal antibiotic from Streptomyces natalensis or S. chattanoogensis. It is used for a variety of fungal infections, mainly topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal blepharitis, conjunctivitis, and keratitis caused by susceptible organisms including Fusarium solani keratitis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sulfacetamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-infective agent that is used topically to treat skin infections and orally for urinary tract infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial vaginitis, keratitis, acute conjunctivitis, and blepharitis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Evernimicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Spaglumic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spaglumic acid is the β-aspartyl isoform of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate (isospaglumic Acid is N-(N-Acetyl-l-α-aspartyl)-l-glutamic acid). In eye drops, spaglumic acid is either a magnesium or sodium salt of N-Acetyl-l-aspartylglutamate. Spaglumic acid is a mast cell stabilizer. Thus it is used in allergic conditions such as allergic conjunctivitis. Specifically spaglumic acid is approved in Portugal under the brand name Naabak and in Greece under the brand name Naaxia for use in patients with allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Used in patients with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Levocabastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levocabastine is a selective second-generation H1-receptor antagonist used for allergic conjunctivitis. Levocabastine was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1979.
4. Indication:  As an ophthalmic for the temporary relief of the signs and symptoms of seasonal allergic conjunctivitis. Also used as a nasal spray for allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Omiganan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection and rosacea.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pemirolast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cefilavancin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, and staph bacterial infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Antazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antazoline is a 1st generation antihistamine that also anticholinergic properties used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Epinastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Epinastine is used for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. It has a multi-action effect that inhibits the allergic response in 3 ways: 1. stabilizes mast cells by preventing mast cell degranulation to control the allergic response, 2. prevents histamine binding to both the H1- and H2-receptors to stop itching and provide lasting protection, and 3. prevents the release of proinflammatory chemical mediators from the blood vessel to halt progression of the allergic response.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alcaftadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alcaftadine is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist indicated for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. This drug was approved in July 2010.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Olopatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Used to treat allergic conjunctivitis (itching eyes), olopatadine inhibits the release of histamine from mast cells. It is a relatively selective histamine H1 antagonist that inhibits the in vivo and in vitro type 1 immediate hypersensitivity reaction including inhibition of histamine induced effects on human conjunctival epithelial cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Medrysone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Medrysone is a corticosteroid used in ophthalmology. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, episcleritis, and epinephrine sensitivity.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Emedastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Emedastine is an antihistamine used in eye drops to treat allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  For the temporary relief of the signs and symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chloropyramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloropyramine is a first generation antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions. Related indications for clinical use include Quincke's edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
