DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sirna-027
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sirna-027 is a chemically modified short interfering RNA(siRNA) targeting Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-1(VEGFR-1). VEGFR-1 is a key component of the clinically validated vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) pathway. Sirna-027 is developed by Sirna Therapeutics and is under the phase I of clinical trails. It is used to treat Macular degeneration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  APD791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  APD791 is an oral anti-thrombotic drug candidate being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial by Arena. APD791 is intended to lower the risk of arterial thrombosis by reducing the amplification of platelet aggregation, arterial constriction and intimal hyperplasia mediated by serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of arterial thrombosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propericiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Propericiazine is a phenothiazine of the piperidine group. It has been shown to reduce pathologic arousal and affective tension in some psychotic patients, while the symptoms of abnormal mental integration are relatively unaffected. It is a sedative phenothiazine with weak antipsychotic properties. It also has adrenolytic, anticholinergic, metabolic and endocrine effects and an action on the extrapyramidal system. It is used as an adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients, for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. Pericyazine, like other phenothiazines, is presumed to act principally in the subcortical areas, by producing what has been described as a central adrenergic blockade. 
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive medication in some psychotic patients. Propericiazine (Pericyazine)is used for the control of residual prevailing hostility, impulsiveness and aggressiveness. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Suprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An ibuprofen-type anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic. It inhibits prostaglandin synthesis and has been proposed as an anti-arthritic. It is no longer approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as eye drops to inhibit the miosis (pupil constriction) that may occur during ocular surgery.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ifetroban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ifetroban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Diseases, Autoimmune Diseases, Pathologic Processes, Scleroderma, Limited, and Scleroderma, Diffuse, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Propylhexedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.
4. Indication:  It is used to provide temporary symptomatic relief of nasal congestion due to colds, allergies and allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Demecarium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clemastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Phenylbutazone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A drug that has anti-inflammatory, antipyretic, and analgesic activities. It is especially effective in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis. It also is useful in rheumatoid arthritis and Reiter's syndrome (investigational indication). Although phenylbutazone is effective in gouty arthritis, risk/benefit considerations indicate that this drug should not be employed for this disease. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p1822)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of backache and ankylosing spondylitis
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Zolmitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zolmitriptan is a synthetic tryptamine derivative and appears as a white powder that is readily soluble in water. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of adult migraine with or without auras.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Apraclonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.
4. Indication:  For prevention or reduction of intraoperative and postoperative increases in intraocular pressure (IOP) before and after ocular laser surgery when used prophylactically. Also used as a short-term adjunctive therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma who are on maximally tolerated medical therapy requiring additional IOP reduction.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Naphazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naphazoline is a rapid acting sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of occular artierioles. It acts to decrease congestion of the conjunctiva and is found in many over-the-counter eye drops.
4. Indication:  Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Verteporfin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Verteporfin, otherwise known as benzoporphyrin derivative (trade name Visudyne®), is a medication used as a photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy to eliminate the abnormal blood vessels in the eye associated with conditions such as the wet form of macular degeneration. Verteporfin accumulates in these abnormal blood vessels and, when stimulated by nonthermal red light with a wavelength of 693 nm in the presence of oxygen, produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to the endothelium and blockage of the vessels.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with predominantly classic subfoveal choroidal neovascularization due to age-related macular degeneration, pathologic myopia or presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome. Verteporfin can also be used to destroy tumors.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Zafirlukast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zafirlukast is an oral leukotriene receptor antagonist (LTRA) for the maintenance treatment of asthma, often used in conjunction with an inhaled steroid and/or long-acting bronchodilator. It is available as a tablet and is usually dosed twice daily. Another leukotriene receptor antagonist is montelukast (Singulair), which is usually taken just once daily.Zafirlukast blocks the action of the cysteinyl leukotrienes on the CysLT1 receptors, thus reducing constriction of the airways, build-up of mucus in the lungs and inflammation of the breathing passages.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and chronic treatment of asthma.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nebivolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nebivolol is a highly cardioselective vasodilatory beta1 receptor blocker used in treatment of hypertension. In most countries, this medication is available only by prescription. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dapiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapiprazole (U.S. trade name Rev-Eyes) is an alpha blocker. It is used to reverse mydriasis after eye examination. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of iatrogenically induced mydriasis produced by adrenergic (phenylephrine) or parasympatholytic (tropicamide) agents used in certain eye examinations.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Carbachol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A slowly hydrolyzed cholinergic agonist that acts at both muscarinic and nicotinic receptors.
4. Indication:  Primarily used in the treatment of glaucoma, but is also used during ophthalmic surgery.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Aluminium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A metallic element that has the atomic number 13, atomic symbol Al, and atomic weight 26.98.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Clonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonidine, an imidazoline-derivative hypotensive agent is a centrally-acting α2-adrenergic agonist. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts in the hypothalamus to induce a decrease in blood pressure. It may also be administered as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone. Clonidine may be used for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients. Other uses for clonidine include prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clonidine also exhibits some peripheral activity. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methylnaltrexone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methylnaltrexone is a pheriphally-acting μ-opioid antagonists that acts on the gastrointestinal tract to decrease opioid-induced constipation without producing analgesic effects or withdrawal symptoms. It is also a weak CYP2D6 inhibitor. FDA approved in 2008. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of opioids induced constipation in palliative patients that are inadequately responding to laxative therapy. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Indapamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzamide-sulfonamide-indole. It is called a thiazide-like diuretic but structure is different enough (lacking the thiazo-ring) so it is not clear that the mechanism is comparable. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension, alone or in combination with other antihypertensive drugs, as well as for the treatment of salt and fluid retention associated with congestive heart failure or edema from pregnancy (appropriate only in the management of edema of pathologic origin during pregnancy when clearly needed). Also used for the management of edema as a result of various causes.
