DrugId:  1
1. Name:  2,4-DIAMINO-1,5-DIPHENYL-3-HYDROXYPENTANE
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Imolamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imolamine is a compound with a molecular weight of 260.33 g/mol with the formula diethyl[2-{5-imino-3-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1,2,3-oxadiazol,-4-yl)ethyl]amine. It is developed under the brand name Coremax by Novartis consumer health SA.
4. Indication:  Imolamine is indicated for the treatment of angina pectoris. The hydrochloride form is used as a local anesthetic.[2]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nicorandil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nicorandil is an orally efficacious vasodilatory drug and antianginal agent marketed in the UK, Australia, most of Europe, India, Philippines, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. It is not an approved drug by FDA. It is a niacinamide derivative that induces vasodilation of arterioles and large coronary arteries by activating potassium channels. It is often used for patients with angina who remain symptomatic despite optimal treatment ith other antianginal drugs [10]. Nicorandil is a dual-action potassium channel opener that relaxes vascular smooth muscle through membrane hyperpolarization via increased transmembrane potassium conductance and increased intracellular concentration of cyclic GMP. It is shown to dilate normal and stenotic coronary arteries and reduces both ventricular preload and afterload [A20325].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the prevention and treatment of chronic stable angina pectoris and reduction in the risk of acute coronary syndromes. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Esomeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and zollinger-ellison syndrome. The drug inhibits the H(+)-K(+)-ATPase (H(+)-K(+)-exchanging ATPase) in the proton pump of gastric parietal cells. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Levamlodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levamlodipine, also known as S-amlodipine, is a pharmacologically active enantiomer of amlodipine, an antihypertensive and anti-anginal medication. Levamlodipine belongs to the dihydropyridine group of calcium channel blockers. This medication is currently marketed in Russia and India [5]. The names S-amlodipine and levamlodipine may be used interchangeably as both substances are the same, however, with differing nomenclature. As a racemic mixture, amlodipine contains (R) and (S)-amlodipine isomers, but only (S)-amlodipine as the active moiety possesses therapeutic activity [4].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension and angina [4]. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
