DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  IMC-1C11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IMC-1C11 is an anti-angiogenesis agent. It is a chimeric anti-kinase insert domain-containing receptor (KDR) antibody that blocks VEGFR-KDR interaction and inhibits VEGFR-induced endothelial cell proliferation. IMC-1C11 is used for treatment of patients with liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATN-161
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATN-161 is a non-RGD based integrin binding peptide targeting alpha-5 beta-1 and alpha-v beta-3. It inhibits the migration and adhesion of particular integrins on activated endothelial cells that play a critical role in tumor angiogenesis. This approach targeting both the tumor vasculature and the cancer cells themselves, may be effective in single therapy as well as combination therapy. Since the expression of alpha(5)beta(1) integrin by cancer cells and the role of this molecule in tumor angiogenesis is similar across a range of different cancers, the therapeutic benefit of ATN-161 is expected to extend to a variety of cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  anti-alpha5Beta1-integrin antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Integrins are important adhesion molecules that regulate tumor and endothelial cell survival, proliferation and migration. The integrin alpha5beta1 has been shown to play a critical role during angiogenesis. anti-alpha5beta1 integrin antibody inhibits angiogenesis, including vessel formation induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), as well as other pro-angiogenic growth factors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pegdinetanib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CT-322 is a proprietary Adnectin(TM) protein therapeutic that, in preclinical studies, specifically binds to vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR-2), which regulates the primary tumor angiogenesis pathway. As a result, CT-322 blocks all known ligands for VEGFR-2.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bevacizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). Bevacizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to VEGF. Bevacizumab is produced in a Chinese Hamster Ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin and has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kilodaltons.
4. Indication:  As part of combination therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer and HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  RAF-265
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lifitegrast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lifitegrast is a FDA approved drug for the treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It is a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1) antagonist that was discovered through the rational design process. The ophthalmic solution was approved in July, 2016 under the trade name Xiidra. It has shown to protect the corneal surface and alleviate the symptoms of dry eye syndrome with fast onset of action and well tolerated profile in both local and systemic setting [2].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of signs and symptoms of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  AE-941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AE-941 is a naturally occurring anti-angiogenic compound, extracted from cartilage, with multiple anti-angiogenic mechanisms of action that provide broad therapeutic potential for a number of diseases. It is currently in international Phase III trials for renal cell carcinoma and non-small-cell lung cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney cancer, lung cancer, macular degeneration, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iroxanadine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and vascular diseases as a cardioprotective agent. Its use has also been suggested for the prevention of early restenosis following vascular surgery or balloon angioplasty.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  OSI-930
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OSI-930 is an orally active inhibitor of two clinically validated targets: c-Kit and the vascular endothelial growth factor receptor-2 (VEGFR-2). OSI-930 is designed to target both cancer cell proliferation and blood vessel growth (angiogenesis) in selected tumors. In preclinical studies, OSI-930 shows broad efficacy in tumor models representative of small cell lung cancer, glioblastoma, colorectal, renal, head and neck, non-small cell lung cancer and gastric cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Vatalanib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatalanib (PTK787/ZK-222584) is a new oral antiangiogenic molecule that inhibits all known vascular endothelial growth factor receptors. Vatalanib is under investigation for the treatment of solid tumors.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with first- and second-line chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Reviparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reviparin is a low molecular weight heparin which seems to have a better safety profile than unfractionated heparin.[1] It is prepared from porcine intestinal mucosa by nitrous acid depolymerization. Reviparin has a molecular weight of 3.9 kDa.[2] It was developed by Abbott laboratories and in 2009, reviparin presented an orphan drug designation by the FDA.[3]
4. Indication:  By the FDA, reviparin is indicated for the treatment of deep vein which may lead to pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients. It is also indicated for the long-term treatment of acute deep vein thrombosis with or without pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients.[3]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ecabet
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ecabet is a prescription eye drop for the treatment of dry eye syndrome. Ecabet represents a new class of molecules that increases the quantity and quality of mucin produced by conjunctival goblet cells and corneal epithelia. Mucin is a glycoprotein component of tear film that lubricates while retarding moisture loss from tear evaporation. Ecabet is currently marketed in Japan as an oral agent for treatment of gastric ulcers and gastritis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of reflux oesophagitis and peptic ulcer disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Axitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Axitinib is an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3. Axitinib is marketed under the name Inlyta®, and if one previous systemic therapy for kidney cell cancer has failed, axitinib is indicated.
4. Indication:  Used in kidney cell cancer and investigated for use/treatment in pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  TG-100801
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TG100801 is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasivelyas an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Hyaluronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.
4. Indication:  Used to treat knee pain in patients with joint inflammation (osteoarthritis). It is usually used in patients who have not responded to other treatments such as acetaminophen, exercise, or physical therapy. Hyaluronic acid may also be used in plastic surgery to reduce wrinkles on the face or as a filler in other parts of the body. May be used in ophthalmology to assist in the extraction of cataracts, the implantation of intraocular lenses, corneal transplants, glaucoma filtration, retinal attachment and in the treatment of dry eyes. Finally, hyaluronic acid is also used to coat the bladder lining in treating interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pegaptanib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegaptanib is a polynucleotide aptamer. Pegaptanib specifically binds to VEGF 165, a protein that plays a critical role in angiogenesis (the formation of new blood vessels) and increased permeability (leakage from blood vessels), two of the primary pathological processes responsible for the vision loss associated with neovascular AMD. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related macular degeneration.
