DrugId:  1
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluorescein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium, such as the aqueous humor, and is used therapeutically as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma. It has been approved by FDA for use in externally applied drugs and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 12th ed; American Medical Association Drug Evaluations; 1995, p2275)
4. Indication:  For diagnostic imaging. Primarily indicated in diagnostic fluorescein angiography or angioscopy of the fundus and of the iris vasculature.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Rose bengal
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Rose bengal, or 4,5,6,7-tetrachloro-2',4',5',7'-tetraiodofluorescein, is a pink stain derived as an analogue of fluorescein. Its disodium salt in ophthalmic solutions has been used as a diagnostic agent in suspected damage to conjunctival and corneal cells. It is also used in laboratory settings, including the preparation of Foraminifera for microscopic analysis and suppression of bacterial growth in several microbiological media. A direct cytotoxic effect of Rose bengal on microorganisms and cancer cells has been observed [1], questioning its potential antitumor actions via intralesional injections. The clinical applications of rose bengal as injectable formulation under the name PV-10 in melanoma, breast cancer and skin conditions such as eczema and psoriasis are being investigated in clinical trials [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in routine ocular examinations or when superficial conjunctiva or corneal tissue change is suspected, and as an aid in the diagnosis of keratoconjunctivitis sicca, keratitis, abrasions or corrosions as well as the detection of foreign bodies.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lifitegrast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lifitegrast is a FDA approved drug for the treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It is a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1) antagonist that was discovered through the rational design process. The ophthalmic solution was approved in July, 2016 under the trade name Xiidra. It has shown to protect the corneal surface and alleviate the symptoms of dry eye syndrome with fast onset of action and well tolerated profile in both local and systemic setting [2].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of signs and symptoms of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Iodixanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodixanol is a nonionic hydrophilic compound commonly used as a contrast agent during coronary angiography, particularly in individuals with renal dysfunction, as it is believed to be less toxic to the kidneys than most other intravascular contrast agents.
4. Indication:  Iodixanol is a contrast agent during coronary angiography.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Iohexol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Iohexol ia used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Light green SF yellowish
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Light green SF yellowish is a green triarylmethane dye that is used in the preparation of the staining solution which is widely used as a counterstain. It is used in histological applications and other labratory settings, and usually exists as a disodium salt. The maximum absorption of light green SF yellowish is at 630 (422) nm. Although it has been used as a food colorant, it was discontinued from the market due to low popularity which are possibly due to low durability of the dye and increased tendency of the dye to fade. Light green SF yellowish is also available as sterile strips used as a diagnostic agent when superficial corneal or conjunctival tissue change is suspected.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Iodipamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodipamide is a water-soluble radiographic contrast media for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography.
4. Indication:  Iodipamide is used as a contrast agent for cholecystography and intravenous cholangiography.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Natamycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amphoteric macrolide antifungal antibiotic from Streptomyces natalensis or S. chattanoogensis. It is used for a variety of fungal infections, mainly topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal blepharitis, conjunctivitis, and keratitis caused by susceptible organisms including Fusarium solani keratitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Hyaluronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.
4. Indication:  Used to treat knee pain in patients with joint inflammation (osteoarthritis). It is usually used in patients who have not responded to other treatments such as acetaminophen, exercise, or physical therapy. Hyaluronic acid may also be used in plastic surgery to reduce wrinkles on the face or as a filler in other parts of the body. May be used in ophthalmology to assist in the extraction of cataracts, the implantation of intraocular lenses, corneal transplants, glaucoma filtration, retinal attachment and in the treatment of dry eyes. Finally, hyaluronic acid is also used to coat the bladder lining in treating interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cysteamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cysteamine is a radiation-protective agent that oxidizes in air to form cystamine. It can be given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate and hydrochloride salt forms are indicated for the treatment of neuropathic cystinosis in patients 6 years old and older. [PubChem]. Cysteamine is marketed under several brand names such as Cystaran™, Procysbi, and Cystagon®.
4. Indication:  Given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate salts (Cystagon® and Procysbi) have been used for the oral treatment of nephropathic cystinosis and cystinurea. The hydrochloride salt (Cystaran™) is indicated for the treatment of corneal cystine crystal accumulation in cystinosis patients.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ecabet
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ecabet is a prescription eye drop for the treatment of dry eye syndrome. Ecabet represents a new class of molecules that increases the quantity and quality of mucin produced by conjunctival goblet cells and corneal epithelia. Mucin is a glycoprotein component of tear film that lubricates while retarding moisture loss from tear evaporation. Ecabet is currently marketed in Japan as an oral agent for treatment of gastric ulcers and gastritis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of reflux oesophagitis and peptic ulcer disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Difluprednate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Difluprednate is a topical corticosteroid indicated for the treatment of infammation and pain associated with ocular surgery. It is a butyrate ester of 6(α), 9(α)-difluoro prednisolone acetate. Difluprednate is abbreviated DFBA, or difluoroprednisolone butyrate acetate. It is indicated for treatment of endogenous anterior uveiti. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation and pain associated with ocular surgery.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tafluprost
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A prostaglandin analogue ester prodrug used topically (as eye drops) to control the progression of glaucoma and in the management of ocular hypertension. Chemically, tafluprost is a fluorinated analog of prostaglandin F2-alpha. Tafluprost was approved for use in the U.S. on February 10, 2012.
4. Indication:  Tafluprost is indicated for reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hydroxyethyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyethyl cellulose is a polysaccharide derivative with gel thickening, emulsifying, bubble-forming, water-retaining and stabilizing properties. It is used as a key ingredient in many household cleaning products, lubricants and cosmetics due to its non-ionic and water-soluble nature. It is often used as an ingredient in ophthalmic pharmaceutical preparations such as artificial tear solutions and adjunct agent in topical drug formulations to facilitate the delivery of drugs with hydrophobic character.
4. Indication:  For alleviating surface irritation in topical ocular administrations, such as artificial tear solutions. Hydroxyethyl cellulose is also found in topical formulations to aid in more efficient drug diffusion across the membranes. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Naphazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naphazoline is a rapid acting sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of occular artierioles. It acts to decrease congestion of the conjunctiva and is found in many over-the-counter eye drops.
4. Indication:  Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
