DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Zolmitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zolmitriptan is a synthetic tryptamine derivative and appears as a white powder that is readily soluble in water. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of adult migraine with or without auras.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Almotriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Almotriptan is a triptan drug for the treatment of migraine headaches. Almotriptan is in a class of medications called selective serotonin receptor agonists. It works by narrowing blood vessels in the brain, stopping pain signals from being sent to the brain, and stopping the release of certain natural substances that cause pain, nausea, and other symptoms of migraine. Almotriptan does not prevent migraine attacks.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute migraine headache in adults
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A vasoconstrictor found in ergot of Central Europe. It is an alpha-1 selective adrenergic agonist and is commonly used in the treatment of migraine disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as therapy to abort or prevent vascular headache, e.g., migraine, migraine variants, or so called "histaminic cephalalgia".
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Naratriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Naratriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rizatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rizatriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Kanamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: E. coli, Proteus species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens, and Acinetobacter species.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Beeswax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The wax obtained from the honeycomb of the bee. It consists primarily of myricyl palmitate, cerotic acid esters and some high-carbon paraffins. Beeswax is used as a stiffening agent in ointments and creams, and enables water to be incorporated to produce water-in-oil emulsions. It is also used as a coating in the manufacture of modified-release oral preparations
4. Indication:  Beeswax is also characterized by several therapeutic properties of great interest to us; it is thought to be particularly effective in healing bruises, inflammation and burns. Recently, the interest of researchers has moved even on antimicrobial properties of beeswax although there are still few studies in the literature focused only on the action of beeswax. The few studies showed an antimicrobic effectiveness of beeswax against overall Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella enterica, Candida albicans and Aspergillus niger. A sterile preparation of white beeswax, hard paraffin, and isopropyl palmitate (Sterile Surgical Bone Wax) is used to control bleeding from damaged bone during surgery. It should not be confused with Aseptic Surgical Wax (BPC 1949), also known as Horsley's Wax , which contained yellow beeswax, olive oil, and phenol in a mercuric chloride solution and was used to control haemorrhage in bone or cranial surgery.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tanezumab has been investigated for the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Neuralgia, Postherpetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Neuropeptide Y
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Neuropeptide Y is under investigation for the basic science of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  ALGRX 1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALGRX 1207 is a topical local anesthetic that acts by binding to the fast sodium channel. ALGRX 1207 entered clinical trials for cutaneous neuropathic pain, such as chemotherapy-induced neuropathy, in 2006. It was being developed by Anesiva, but trials have halted.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tiplimotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tiplimotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cenegermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cenegermin is a human beta-nerve growth factor (beta-ngf)-(1-118)- peptide (non-covalent dimer) produced in escherichia coli. It received European Union Approval in July, 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe neurotrophic keratitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
