DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MDX-1303
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1303 is a fully human antibody against the inhalation anthrax, the most lethal form of illness in humans caused by the Bacillus anthracis bacterium, and targets a protein component of these lethal toxins known as the anthrax protective antigen.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anthrax exposure and bacterial infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ATN-161
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATN-161 is a non-RGD based integrin binding peptide targeting alpha-5 beta-1 and alpha-v beta-3. It inhibits the migration and adhesion of particular integrins on activated endothelial cells that play a critical role in tumor angiogenesis. This approach targeting both the tumor vasculature and the cancer cells themselves, may be effective in single therapy as well as combination therapy. Since the expression of alpha(5)beta(1) integrin by cancer cells and the role of this molecule in tumor angiogenesis is similar across a range of different cancers, the therapeutic benefit of ATN-161 is expected to extend to a variety of cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MLN0415
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN0415 is a novel, small molecule IKK2 inhibitor, discovered by Millennium scientists. In preclinical studies, MLN0415 was shown to decrease NF-kB activation and down-regulate the expression of a number of inflammatory proteins. Because inflammatory proteins play a critical role in inflammation and drive the inflammatory response to disease, controlling these proteins may prevent or slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ruplizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ruplizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug and is a component of Antova.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia, systemic lupus erythematosus, transplant (rejection), blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Manitimus
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FK778, a novel compound with multiple mechanisms of action, is efficacious, well tolerated and safe in kidney transplant patients, potentially offering a breakthrough in immunosuppressive therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunosuppressive and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  CHGN111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Carnosine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Carnosine has been investigated for the treatment of Gulf War Illness.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Domiphen
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Domiphen bromide is a topical antiseptic and a quaternary ammonium compound.
4. Indication:  Anti-infective (topical), it is used for the treatment of Acute Infectious Dental Diseases and other conditions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  anti-alpha5Beta1-integrin antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Integrins are important adhesion molecules that regulate tumor and endothelial cell survival, proliferation and migration. The integrin alpha5beta1 has been shown to play a critical role during angiogenesis. anti-alpha5beta1 integrin antibody inhibits angiogenesis, including vessel formation induced by vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF), as well as other pro-angiogenic growth factors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, pancreatic cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  liposomal prostaglandin E1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liposome-encapsulated form of prostaglandin E1 (Liprostin) is known to be a potent vasodilator and platelet inhibitor as well as an anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic agent. The liposomal formulation of PGE-1 changes the drug’s dynamics and improve its therapeutic index in ways that PGE-1 alone could not achieve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Adomiparin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  PA-1050040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PA1050040, a second generation HIV-1 maturation inhibitor, is a chemical analog of Bevirimat (BVM). It inhibits virus replication by the same mechanism of action as BVM.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  RAF-265
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Rimantadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of illness caused by various strains of influenza A virus in adults.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  INCB13739
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INCB13739 is developed as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes.It is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of 11beta-HSD1 (11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1). 11beta-HSD1 is an enzyme that appears to be critical to the development of type 2 diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and diabetes prevention.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  AT1391
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT1391 is a daily insulin skin patch designed to provide continuous basal levels of insulin for patients with diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Promazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. Promazine is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct for short term treatment of moderate and severe psychomotor agitation. Also used to treat agitation or restlessness in the elderly.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  AVN-944
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVN944 is a biotech drug that demonstrated a statistically meaningful impact on IMPDH and other proteins that are critical to activities in cancer cells, including nucleotide biosynthesis, energy and metabolism, DNA replication, apoptosis and cell cycle control. AVN944 has been associated with cancer cell death in clinical trials. It is being investigated for the treatment of patients with advanced hematologic malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), leukemia (unspecified), lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Amuvatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amuvatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Small Cell Lung Carcinoma. Amuvatinib is an oral, selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Amuvatinib is a selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ZYC300
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ZYC300 is a plasmid DNA of CYP1B1 encapsulated in biodegradable poly-DL-lactide-coglycolide microparticles. It is designed as a vaccine, intended to increase immune system sensitivity to CYP1B1, an enzyme highly prevalent in tumor cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  LY2275796
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LY2275796 is a second-generation antisense anti-cancer drug candidate for clinical development. LY2275796 targets eukaryotic initiation factor- 4E (eIF-4E), a protein involved in the translation of key growth and survival factors that drive tumor progression, angiogenesis and metastases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
