DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carbopol 974P
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbopol 974P is a highly carboxylated polymer composed of lightly cross-linked polyacrylic acid with a broad-spectrum mechanism based on acidification of pathogens. It was under development by ReProtect LLC. It is a gel that may help both block the spread of sexually transmitted diseases and reduce unwanted pregnancies. The compound, known as BufferGel, was in advanced clinical trials for its ability to prevent pregnancy, but was discontinued.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception and HIV prevention.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Besilesomab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Besilesomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive isotope technetium-99m for determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. Utilised only as a diagnostic agent, besilesomab is currently approved by the EMEA for marketing and use in various European countries like Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom [3].
4. Indication:  Besilesomab is radiolabelled with sodium pertechnetate (Tc99m) solution to develop technetium (Tc99m) besilesomab solution. This solution is indicated in adults for scintigraphic imaging - in conjunction with other appropriate imaging modalities, when possible - in determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. When utilized as such, this medicinal product is for diagnostic use only [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AP1903
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  faropenem medoxomil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Faropenem medoxomil is an ester prodrug derivative of the beta-lactam antibiotic faropenem. The prodrug form of faropenem offers dramatically improved oral bioavailability and leads to higher systemic concentrations of the drug. Faropenem medoxomil is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is highly resistant to beta-lactamase degradation. It is being developed jointly by Replidyne, Inc. and Forest Laboratories, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, bronchitis, otitis media, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Calanolide A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Calanolide A is a new non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) derived from a plant found in the Malaysian rain forest. A related compound, calanolide B, also has anti-HIV activity. Both drugs are being developed by Sarawak Pharmaceuticals. A preliminary dosing study among HIV-infected individuals showed a significant antiviral effect compared with placebo.
4. Indication:  For use in combination treatment of HIV infection (AIDS).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Evernimicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Mupirocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mupirocin (pseudomonic acid A, or Bactroban or Centany) is an antibiotic originally isolated from Pseudomonas fluorescens. It is used topically, and is primarily effective against Gram-positive bacteria. Mupirocin is bacteriostatic at low concentrations and bactericidal at high concentrations.Mupirocin has a unique mechanism of action, which is selective binding to bacterial isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, which halts the incorporation of isoleucine into bacterial proteins. Because this mechanism of action is not shared with any other antibiotic, mupirocin has few problems of antibiotic cross-resistance.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Staphylococci nasal carriers.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Latamoxef
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad- spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic similar in structure to the cephalosporins except for the substitution of an oxaazabicyclo moiety for the thiaazabicyclo moiety of certain cephalosporins. It has been proposed especially for the meningitides because it passes the blood-brain barrier and for anaerobic infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Latamoxef is an oxacephem antibiotic usually grouped with the cephalosporins. It is used to treat bacterial infections. Latamoxef is primarily indicated in conditions like Bone and joint infection, GI infections, Gynecological infections, Meningitis, Respiratory tract infections, Septicaemia, Skin infections, Soft tissue infections, UTI. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mechlorethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes, mechlorethamine is an alkylating drug. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage. [PubChem]The FDA granted marketing approval for the orphan drug Valchlor (mechlorethamine) gel on August 23, 2013 for the topical treatment of stage IA and IB mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who have received prior skin-directed therapy. Each tube of Valchlor contains 0.016% of mechlorethamine which is equivalent to 0.02% mechlorethamine HCL. 
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of Hodgkin's disease (Stages III and IV), lymphosarcoma, chronic myelocytic or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, polycythemia vera, mycosis fungoides, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Also for the palliative treatment of metastatic carcinoma resulting in effusion.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Omiganan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection and rosacea.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  EHT899
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHT899 is a proprietary formulation of an HBV viral protein designed to eliminate the undesirable immune response elicited by the HBV infection. It also apparently enhances a secondary immune response to clear the viral infection, resulting in reduction in liver damage and decrease in viral load.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dasabuvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dasabuvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Dasabuvir. Dasabuvir is a non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitor which binds to the palm domain of NS5B and induces a conformational change which renders the polymerase unable to elongate viral RNA [FDA Label]. The binding sites for non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitors are poorly conserved across HCV genotypes leading to the restriction of Dasabuvir's use to genotype 1 only.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Dasabuvir as first line therapy in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir for genotype 1b and with Ribavirin for genotype 1a of Hepatitis C [8]. Dasabuvir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [7].Dasabuvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (tradename Viekira Pak) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in December 2014 by the FDA, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin [FDA Label]. When combined together, Dasabuvir Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir as the combination product Viekira Pak have been shown to achieve a SVR of 100% for genotype 1b and 89% or 95% for genotype 1a after 12 weeks or 24 weeks of treatment including Ribavirin.
4. Indication:  Dasabuvir, in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (as Viekira Pak) is indicated for the treatment of patients with HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin including those with compensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Surotomycin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Surotomycin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diarrhea and Clostridium Difficile Infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CPG 10101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CPG 10101 is a synthetic oligodeoxynucleotide (ODN) in clinical trials. It is a toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) agonist with antiviral and immunomodulatory properties that could potentially influence chronic infection with HCV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and viral infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Doripenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doripenem is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic marketed under the brand name Doribax by Janssen. Doripenem injection was approved by the FDA in 2007 to treat complicated urinary tract and intra-abdominal infections. In a clinical trial of doripenem treatment in ventilator associated pneumonia (vs. imipenem and cilastatin), it was found that doripenem carried an increased risk of death and lower clinical cure rates, resulting in a premature termination of the trial. The FDA revised the doripenem label in 2014 to include a warning against use in ventilator-associated pneumonia and to reiterate its safety and efficacy for its approved indications. 
4. Indication:  Doripenem is indicated in the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis, caused by designated susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Asvasiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tedizolid Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone-class antibiotic prodrug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of several Gram-positive bacteria. Following administration via oral or intravenous route, tedizolid phosphate prodrug is converted by plasma phosphatases to its active moiety, tedizolid. Once activated, tedizolid exerts its bacteriostatic microbial activity through inhibition of protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit of susceptible bacteria. Tedizolid is an effective and potent alternative to linezolid for the treatment of patients with Gram-positive ABSSSI due to MRSA or MSSA. Increased potency allows for once daily dosing with reduced total dosages, improving the side effect profile of this drug. Of note, the minimum inhibitory concentrations of tedizolid appear to be largely unaffected by the chloramphenicol-florfenicol resistance (cfr) gene, which has been implicated in a number of published linezolid-resistant organism outbreaks.
4. Indication:  Tedizolid Phosphate is an oxazolidinone antibacterial drug indicated in adults for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by susceptible isolates of the following Gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant [MRSA] and methicillin-susceptible [MSSA] isolates), Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), and Enterococcus faecalis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  ADL 10-0101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis. Trials are also being conducted for relieving burn pain and dermal itch.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  LC16M8
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LC16m8 is a next-generation, attenuated smallpox vaccine that is designed to have a better safety profile, yet be equally effective, compared to conventional smallpox vaccines. It is the only attenuated vaccine to be licensed for use in humans to prevent smallpox infection. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  MVA3000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MVA3000 is an attenuated smallpox vaccine that is being developed for use in people for whom the traditional smallpox vaccine is contraindicated, such as patients with disorders of the immune system or skin conditions such as eczema.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Bezlotoxumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bezlotoxumab is a human monoclonal antibody that binds to Clostridium difficile toxin B and neutralizes its effects. Used to reduce the recurrence of Clostridium difficle infection in adults receiving antibiotic therapy to treat C. difficile infection and high risk of recurrence.
4. Indication:  Prevents recurrence of Clostridium difficile infection in people 18 years or older who are either currently receiving treatment for C. difficile infection or have a high risk of recurrence. 
