DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Testosterone undecanoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone undecanoate is an esterified form of testosterone which is attached to a long fatty acid chain. The lack of a methylated site on the carbon 17 eliminates the adverse effects on the liver found in other testosterone analogs.[5] It is currently getting further developed to be an alternative to testosterone enanthate or testosterone cypionate by Paddock labs, and this new injectable has an FDA status of tentative approval. The original approval by the FDA of a product from testosterone undecanoate was done in 1953.
4. Indication:  Testosterone undecanoate is indicated as a testosterone replacement therapy in adult males that present conditions of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. The approved conditions for the use of testosterone undecanoate are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as a testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome, orchiectomy, Klinefelter's syndrome, chemotherapy or toxic damage from alcohol or heavy metals: or 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism caused by idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injuries from tumors, trauma or radiation.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Testosterone cypionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[6] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.
4. Indication:  Testosterone cypionate is used in males that present conditions derived from a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. These conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as the testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; and 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism characterized by idiopathic gonadotropin, LHRH deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation.[7]
