DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hexachlorophene
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations used for skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)
4. Indication:  For use as a surgical scrub and a bacteriostatic skin cleanser. It may also be used to control an outbreak of gram-positive infection where other infection control procedures have been unsuccessful.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Phenazopyridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic that has been used in urinary tract disorders. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of pain, burning, urgency, frequency, and other discomforts arising from irritation of the lower urinary tract mucosa caused by infection, trauma, surgery, endoscopic procedures, or the passage of sounds or catheters.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fluorescein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium, such as the aqueous humor, and is used therapeutically as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma. It has been approved by FDA for use in externally applied drugs and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 12th ed; American Medical Association Drug Evaluations; 1995, p2275)
4. Indication:  For diagnostic imaging. Primarily indicated in diagnostic fluorescein angiography or angioscopy of the fundus and of the iris vasculature.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  GW-406381
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW-406381 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Trauma, Neurodynia, Dental Pain, and Hyperalgesia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Amifostine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phosphorothioate proposed as a radiation-protective agent. It causes splenic vasodilation and may block autonomic ganglia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction in the cumulative renal toxicity in patients with ovarian cancer (using cisplatin) and moderate to severe xerostomia in patients undergoing post-operative radiation treatment for head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dilmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}
4. Indication:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Digoxin Immune Fab (Ovine)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Digoxin Immune Fab is a sheep antibody (26-10) FAB fragment from sheep immunized with the digoxin derivative Digoxindicarboxymethylamine. It is used as an antidote for overdose of digoxin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of digitoxin overdose or digitalis glycoside toxicity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lomustine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkylating agent of value against both hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary and metastatic brain tumors as a component of combination chemotherapy in addition to appropriate surgical and/or radiotherapeutic procedures. Also used in combination with other agents as secondary therapy for the treatment of refractory or relapsed Hodgkin's disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Oxandrolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic hormone with anabolic and androgenic properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Use to promote weight gain after weight loss following extensive surgery.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dexrazoxane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.
4. Indication:  For reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with metastatic breast cancer who have received a cumulative doxorubicin hydrochloride dose of 300 mg/m^2 and would benefit from continued doxorubicin therapy. Also approved for the treatment of extravasation from intravenous anthracyclines.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hydroxyethyl Starch
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyethyl starch (HES/HAES) is a nonionic starch derivative. Hydroxyethyl starches (HES) are synthetic colloids commonly used for fluid resuscitation to replace intravascular volume.HES is a general term and can be sub-classified according to average molecular weight, molar substitution, concentration, C2/C6 ratio and Maximum Daily Dose.
4. Indication:  An intravenous solution of hydroxyethyl starch is used to prevent shock following severe blood loss caused by trauma, surgery, or other issues.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
