DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen is intravesically administered for the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). The solution contains live, attenuated strain of Mycobacterium bovis. It is prepared from the Connaught strain of Bacillus Calmette and Guérin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for intravesical use in the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hexaminolevulinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hexaminolevulinate is an optical imaging drug. In solution form it is instilled intravesically for use with photodynamic blue light cystoscopy as an adjunct to white light cystoscopy. On May 28, 2010, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted approval for hexaminolevulinate hydrochloride (Cysview for Intravesical Solution, Photocure ASA), as an optical imaging agent for use in combination with the Karl Storz Photodynamic Diagnostic D-Light C (PDD) System for cystoscopic detection of non-muscle invasive papillary cancer of the bladder for patients suspected or known to have lesion(s) on the basis of a prior cystoscopy. Hexaminolevulinate is manufactured under the brand Cysview® by Photocure ASA. In Europe, Hexaminolevulinate is marketed under the brand Hexvix®. 
4. Indication:  Hexaminolevulinate is indicated for use in the cystoscopic detection of non-muscle invasive papillary cancer of the bladder among patients suspected or known to have lesion(s) on the basis of a prior cystoscopy. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Foretinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Foretinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Cancer, Carcinoma, Renal Cell, Recurrent Breast Cancer, and Neoplasms, Head and Neck, among others. Foretinib is an orally available small molecule compound designed to target multiple RTKs implicated in the development, progression and spread of cancer. It inhibits the activation of MET, RON, ERK and AKT, decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Diflunisal
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its mechanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation and in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. musculoskeletal trauma, post-dental extraction, post-episiotomy), osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Minoxidil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A potent direct-acting peripheral vasodilator (vasodilator agents) that reduces peripheral resistance and produces a fall in blood pressure. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p371)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe hypertension and in the topical treatment (regrowth) of androgenic alopecia in males and females and stabilisation of hair loss in patients with androgenic alopecia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
