DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Propantheline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis. It has also been used for hyperhidrosis, and cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines or bladder.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Clidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clidinium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. It inhibits muscarinic actions of acetylcholine at postganglionic parasympathetic neuroeffector sites. It is used for the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Decitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Decitabine is indicated for treatment of patients with myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS). It is a chemical analogue of cytidine, a nucleoside present in DNA and RNA. Cells in the presence of Decitabine incorporate it into DNA during replication and RNA during transcription. The incorporation of Decitabine into DNA or RNA inhibits methyltransferase thereby causing demethylation in that sequence. This adversely affects the way that cell regulatory proteins are able to bind to the DNA/RNA substrate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) including previously treated and untreated, de novo and secondary MDS of all French-American-British subtypes (refractory anemia, refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation, and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia) and intermediate-1, intermediate-2, and high-risk International Prognostic Scoring System groups (scores ≥0.5).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Polyestradiol phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polymeric phosphoric acid ester of estradiol.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Perhexiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  2-(2,2-Dicyclohexylethyl)piperidine. Coronary vasodilator used especially for angina of effort. It may cause neuropathy and hepatitis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of severe angina pectoris.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Strawberry
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strawberry allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Calcium saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Pharmaceutic Aid (Stabilizer)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tolcapone
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tolcapone is a drug that inhibits the enzyme catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT). It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease as an adjunct to levodopa/carbidopa medication. It is a yellow, odorless, non-hygroscopic, crystalline compound. Tolcapone is associated with a risk of hepatotoxicity. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to levodopa/carbidopa therapy for the symptomatic treatment of Parkinson's Disease. This drug is generally reserved for patients with parkinsonian syndrome receiving levodopa/carbidopa who are experiencing symptom fluctuations and are not responding adequately to or are not candidates for other adjunctive therapies.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Belinostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Belinostat is a novel agent that inhibits the enzyme histone deacetylase (HDAC) with a sulfonamide-hydroxamide structure. It was developed as an orphan drug to target hematological malignancies and solid tumors by TopoTarget. The safety and efficacy of belinostat is currently being evaluated for use in combination with traditional front-line therapies for the treatment of PTCL. Intravenous administration of the agent is available as Beleodaq as monotherapy and the dosing regimen involves a 21-day cycle. It was US-approved in July 2014 as a therapeutic agent for relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Belinostat is indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) with manageable safety profile. It is a potential alternative therapy for patients who did not experience adequate response to first-line drugs for PTCL. It can be used in patients with baseline thrombocytopenia [2]. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of attention-deficit disorders in children and for narcolepsy. Its mechanisms appear to be similar to those of dextroamphetamine.
4. Indication:  For use as an integral part of a total treatment program which typically includes other remedial measures (psychological, educational, social) for a stabilizing effect in children with a behavioral syndrome characterized by the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ticagrelor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ticagrelor (trade name Brilinta in the US, Brilique and Possia in the EU) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor produced by AstraZeneca. Unlike clopidogrel, ticagrelor is not a prodrug and does not require metabolic activation. The drug was approved for use in the European Union by the European Commission on December 3, 2010. The drug was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration on July 20, 2011.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of thrombotic events (for example stroke or heart attack) in patients with acute coronary syndrome or myocardial infarction with ST elevation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Citalopram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). In spite of structural differences between compounds in this class, the SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be indicated before a clinical effect is noticed. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake in the neurons. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute usage, SSRIs inhibit serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The general clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction, and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. Off-label indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Manitimus
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FK778, a novel compound with multiple mechanisms of action, is efficacious, well tolerated and safe in kidney transplant patients, potentially offering a breakthrough in immunosuppressive therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunosuppressive and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mercuric chloride
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercury chloride (HgCl2). A highly toxic compound that volatizes slightly at ordinary temperature and appreciably at 100 degrees C. It is corrosive to mucous membranes and used as a topical antiseptic and disinfectant. Mercuric chloride was used to disinfect wounds by Arab physicians in the Middle Ages. It continued to be used by Arab doctors into the twentieth century, until modern medicine deemed it unsafe for use. [1]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Choline alfoscerate
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A component of phosphatidylcholines (lecithins), in which the two hydroxy groups of glycerol are esterified with fatty acids. (From Stedman, 26th ed) It counteracts the effects of urea on enzymes and other macromolecules. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sertraline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sertraline hydrochloride belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake [7]. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a more detailed listing of side effects). Compared to other agents in this class, sertraline may cause greater diarrheal and male sexual dysfunction effects [5]. Sertraline displays a better safety or tolerability profile than other classes of antidepressants [6]. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors [7]. Sertraline has shown therapeutic effectiveness as a treatment for major depressive disorder [1], obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2], panic disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [3], premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [4] and social anxiety disorder (social phobia).
4. Indication:  For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), panic disorder (PD) with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), and social anxiety disorder (SAD) [FDA Label]. It may be used for premature ejaculation and vascular headaches as off-label indications. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
