DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dupilumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dupilumab injection to treat adults with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis). Dupilumab is intended for patients whose eczema is not controlled adequately by topical therapies, or those for whom topical therapies are not advisable. Dupilumab can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. FDA approval on March 28, 2017.
4. Indication:  Dupilumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of atopic diseases such as eczema.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Beta-D-Glucose
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A primary source of energy for living organisms. It is naturally occurring and is found in fruits and other parts of plants in its free state. It is used therapeutically in fluid and nutrient replacement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Menatetrenone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Menatetrenone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Diabetes, Osteoporosis, Prediabetic State, and Hepatocellular Carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Enzalutamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enzalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer. FDA approved on August 31, 2012.
4. Indication:  Enzalutamide is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer who have previously received docetaxel.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ibrutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibrutinib is a small molecule that acts as an irreversible potent inhibitor of Burton's tyrosine kinase. It is designated as a targeted covalent drug and it presents a very promising activity in B cell malignancies.[4] Ibrutinib was developed by Pharmacyclics Inc and in November 2013 was FDA-approved for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma. Later, in February 2014, ibrutinib was approved for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and it is also indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenström's Macroglobulinemia.[13] Ibrutinib has also been approved by the EMA for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma.[4] Ibrutinib was approved for use in chronic graft versus host disease in August 2017 [12].
4. Indication:  Ibrutinib acquired an accelerated approval for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma who have received at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) is a B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that develops in the outer edge of a lymph node. MCL is usually diagnosed at late stages and it is easily spread into bone marrow, spleen, liver and gastrointestinal tract.[14]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] CLL is a type of cancer caused by an overproduction of lymphocytes by the bone marrow. Some of the symptoms include swollen lymph nodes and tiredness.[15]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion.[FDA Label] CLL with 17p is a type of leukemia in which a deletion in 17p disrupts the tumor suppressor p53 by deleting one allele of the TP53 gene. The remaining allele is mainly inactivated and thus, this type of leukemia is unresponsive to p53-dependent treatments.[5]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia (WM).[FDA Label] WM, also called lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma, is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in which the cancer cells make large amounts of macroglobulin. The macroglobulin is a monoclonal protein that corresponds to the type of IgM antibodies and the unrestricted formation of this protein causes typical symptoms such as excessive bleeding and effects in vision and nervous system.[16]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thiamylal
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anesthesia, or for inducing a hypnotic state. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p919)
4. Indication:  Used for the production of complete anaesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anaesthesia, and for inducing a hypnotic state.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lorpiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lorpiprazole is a serotonin antagonist and reuptake inhibitor used for the treatment of major depressive disorder.[1] It is a piperazinyl-triazole derivative.[3]
4. Indication:  In 2016, lorpiprazole was classified in the "Chemical structure-related drug-like criteria of global approved drugs" as an antipsychotic and anxiolytic.[6] An antipsychotic is a medication used to treat a state of delusion, hallucination, paranoia or disordered thought. On the other hand, an anxiolytic is a medication used for the treatment of severe, chronic or debilitating anxiety. The anxiety state can be defined as an unpleasant state of tension, apprehension or uneasiness.[4]
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Deferiprone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deferiprone is an oral iron chelator used as a second line agent in thalassemia syndromes when iron overload from blood transfusions occurs. Thalassemias are a type of hereditary anaemia due a defect in the production of hemoglobin. As a result, erythropoiesis, the production of new red blood cells, is impaired. FDA approved on October 14, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Deferiprone is indicated in thalassemia syndromes when first line chelation agents are not adequate to treat transfusional iron overload.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Zebularine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A chemically stable, cytidine analog that displays anti-tumor properties. Acts as a transition state analog inhibitor of cytidine deaminase by binding to the active size as covalent hydrates. Also shown to inhibit DNA methylation and tumor growth both in vitro and in vivo.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Eslicarbazepine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an anticonvulsant medication approved for use in Europe, the United States and Canada as an adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine, the primary active metabolite in the body. Eslicarbazepine's mechanism of action is not well understood, but it is known that it does exert anticonvulsant activity by inhibiting repeated neuronal firing and stabilizing the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels, thus preventing their return to the activated state during which seizure activity can occur.Eslicarbazepine acetate is marketed as Aptiom in North America and Zebinix or Exalief in Europe. It is available in 200, 400, 600, or 800mg tablets that are taken once daily, with or without food. Eslicarbazepine acetate is associated with numerous side effects including dizziness, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, aphasia, lack of concentration, psychomotor retardation, speech disturbances, ataxia, depression and hyponatremia. It is recommended that patients taking eslicarbazepine acetate be monitored for suicidality.
4. Indication:  Eslicarbazepine acetate is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy in epileptic patients. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Regorafenib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Regorafenib is an orally-administered inhibitor of multiple kinases. It is used for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumours. FDA approved on September 27, 2012. Approved use of Regorafenib was expanded to treat Hepatocellular Carcinoma in April, 2017.
4. Indication:  Regorafenib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC) who have been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, an anti-VEGF therapy, and, if KRAS wild type, an anti-EGFR therapy. Regorafenib is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who have been previously treated with imatinib mesylate and sunitinib malate.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iodine povacrylex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodine povacrylex (DuraPrep) is a surgical solution, film-forming iodophor complex that provides fast acting, persistent, broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. DuraPrep solution is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteriathat can potentially cause skin infection.It is broad spectrum antispectic and can provide almost 99.9% antispectic conditions.It is intended for local use only. Prolonged skin exposure could cause skin defatting manifested by the following signs/symptoms; localized redness, itching, drying and cracking of skin.
4. Indication:  Antispetic and germicidal agent. It is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteria that can potentially cause skin infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  GnRH pharmaccine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The GnRH pharmaccine consists of synthetic peptides (constructed to "look like" GnRH), which are bound chemically to a carrier and suspended in a proprietary "delivery vehicle". The pharmaccine is administered intramuscularly to the patient by injection and induces an immune response or production of antibodies in the patient, which neutralize GnRH thus removing it from circulation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in prostate cancer.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  LS11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LS11(talaporfin sodium) is an agent consisting of chlorin e6, derived from chlorophyll, and L-aspartic acid with photosensitizing activity. After intratumoral activation by light emitting diodes, taporfin sodium forms an extended high energy conformational state that generates singlet oxygen, resulting in free radical-mediated cell death. It is used to treat many kinds of cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Seliciclib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells. Seliciclib is being developed by Cyclacel. Seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lung cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, leukemia (lymphoid), and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Calcium Acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The chemical compound calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. An older name is acetate of lime. The anhydrous form is very hygroscopic, therefore the monohydrate is the common form. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Calcium acetate is one of a number of calcium salts used to treat hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Roflumilast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Roflumilast is a phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE-4) inhibitor. Due to its selective inhibition of the PDE4 isoenzyme in lung cells, roflumilast is indicated for the management of chronic obstrtuctive pulmonary disease (COPD) exacerbations. Treatment with Roflumilast is associated with an increase in psychiatric adverse reactions, including suicide and suicidal attempts. 
4. Indication:  Roflumilast is indicated as a treatment to reduce the risk of COPD exacerbations in patients with severe COPD associated with chronic bronchitis and a history of exacerbations. Roflumilast is not a bronchodilator and is not indicated for the relief of acute bronchospasm.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sorafenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sorafenib (rINN), marketed as Nexavar by Bayer, is a drug approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (primary kidney cancer). It has also received "Fast Track" designation by the FDA for the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer), and has since performed well in Phase III trials.Sorafenib is a small molecular inhibitor of Raf kinase, PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor), VEGF receptor 2 & 3 kinases and c Kit the receptor for Stem cell factor. A growing number of drugs target most of these pathways. The originality of Sorafenib lays in its simultaneous targeting of the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway.
4. Indication:  Sorafenib is indicated for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and advanced renal cell carcinoma. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tezacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tezacaftor is a small molecule that can be used as a corrector of the cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator (CFTR) gene function.[4] It was developed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved in combination with ivacaftor; a CFTR potentiator that allows the proteins at the cell surface to open longer and improve nutrient transport.[5] The approval was done on February 12, 2018, to be used under prescription.
4. Indication:  Tezacaftor, in combination with ivacaftor, is indicated for the treatment of cystic fibrosis in people aged 12 years or older who have two copies of the F508del mutation or at least one mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to this treatment based on clinical evidence.[6]Cystic fibrosis is a rare, life-shortening disease caused by a defective or missing CFTR protein. This modification in the protein is caused by a mutation in the CFTR gene. The affected people carry two inherited defective copies of the CFTR gene. There are approximately 2000 known mutations in the CFTR gene. The presence of a defective or missing protein results in poor flow of salt and water into and out of the cell. This condition will cause the buildup of abnormally thick, sticky mucus in the lungs that will later potentially cause chronic lung infections and lung damage. In the patients with the F508del mutation, the CFTR protein is not processed or folded normally within the cell and thus, it does not reach the cell surface.[7]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Interferon alfacon-1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phencyclidine
2. Groups:  Illicit
3. Description:  A hallucinogen formerly used as a veterinary anesthetic, and briefly as a general anesthetic for humans. Phencyclidine is similar to ketamine in structure and in many of its effects. Like ketamine, it can produce a dissociative state. It exerts its pharmacological action through inhibition of NMDA receptors (receptors, N-methyl-D-aspartate). As a drug of abuse, it is known as PCP and Angel Dust. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
