DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Meclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in the treatment of motion sickness, vertigo, and nausea during pregnancy and radiation sickness. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, or dizziness associated with motion sickness.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dimenhydrinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine, Gravol and Vertirosan) is an over-the-counter drug used to prevent motion sickness. It is closely related to diphenhydramine HCl, or Benadryl. It is primarily a H1-antagonist, but also possesses an antimuscarinic effect.
4. Indication:  Used for treating vertigo, motion sickness, and nausea associated with pregnancy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Buclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Buclizine is an antihistamine of the piperazine derivative family. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness and vertigo (dizziness caused by other medical problems).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cinnarizine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cinnarizine is an anti-histaminic drug which is mainly used for the control of vomiting due to motion sickness. Cinnarizine was first synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1955.It acts by interfering with the signal transmission between vestibular apparatus of the inner ear and the vomiting centre of the hypothalamus. The disparity of signal processing between inner ear motion receptors and the visual senses is abolished, so that the confusion of brain whether the individual is moving or standing is reduced. Vomiting in motion sickness is actually a physiological compensatory mechanism of the brain to keep the individual from moving so that it can adjust to the signal perception.Cinnarizine could be also viewed as a nootropic drug because of its vasorelaxating abilities (due to calcium channel blockage), which happen mostly in brain. It is also effectively combined with other nootropics, primarily piracetam; in such combination each drug potentiate the other in boosting brain oxygen supply.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vertigo/meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and also useful for vestibular symptoms of other origins.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Methylscopolamine bromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer. Also used to treat nausea and vomiting due to motion sickness.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cyclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist given by mouth or parenterally for the control of postoperative and drug-induced vomiting and in motion sickness. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p935)
4. Indication:  For prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness, and vertigo (dizziness caused by other medical problems).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nifurtimox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nifurtimox has been investigated for the treatment of Sleeping Sickness and Human African Trypanosomiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Scopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid from Solanaceae, especially Datura metel L. and Scopola carniolica. Scopolamine and its quaternary derivatives act as antimuscarinics like atropine, but may have more central nervous system effects. Among the many uses are as an anesthetic premedication, in urinary incontinence, in motion sickness, as an antispasmodic, and as a mydriatic and cycloplegic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of excessive salivation, colicky abdominal pain, bradycardia, sialorrhoea, diverticulitis, irritable bowel syndrome and motion sickness.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cysteamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cysteamine is a radiation-protective agent that oxidizes in air to form cystamine. It can be given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate and hydrochloride salt forms are indicated for the treatment of neuropathic cystinosis in patients 6 years old and older. [PubChem]. Cysteamine is marketed under several brand names such as Cystaran™, Procysbi, and Cystagon®.
4. Indication:  Given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate salts (Cystagon® and Procysbi) have been used for the oral treatment of nephropathic cystinosis and cystinurea. The hydrochloride salt (Cystaran™) is indicated for the treatment of corneal cystine crystal accumulation in cystinosis patients.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Homatropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist belonging to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.
4. Indication:  Used in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcers, gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pirenzepine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodenal ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as cimetidine and ranitidine. It is generally well tolerated by patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric ulcer, and duodenal ulcer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Suramin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A polyanionic compound with an unknown mechanism of action. It is used parenterally in the treatment of African trypanosomiasis and it has been used clinically with diethylcarbamazine to kill the adult Onchocerca. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1643) It has also been shown to have potent antineoplastic properties. Suramin is manufactured by Bayer in Germany as Germanin®.
4. Indication:  For treatment of human sleeping sickness, onchocerciasis and other diseases caused by trypanosomes and worms.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pentamidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of pneumocystis pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. It may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system damage, and other toxic effects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia due to Pneumocystis carinii.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Promethazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative with histamine H1-blocking, antimuscarinic, and sedative properties. It is used as an antiallergic, in pruritus, for motion sickness and sedation, and also in animals. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic disorders, and nausea/vomiting.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Carbinoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state "do not use" in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unapproved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cause serious health risks.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and vasomotor rhinitis, as well as allergic conjunctivitis caused by foods and inhaled allergens. Also for the relief of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and the symptomatic management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Thiethylperazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A dopamine antagonist that is particularly useful in treating the nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia, mildly emetic cancer chemotherapy agents, radiation therapy, and toxins. This piperazine phenothiazine does not prevent vertigo or motion sickness. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p457)
4. Indication:  For the treatment or relief of nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Thalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A piperidinyl isoindole originally introduced as a non-barbiturate hypnotic, but withdrawn from the market due to teratogenic effects. It has been reintroduced and used for a number of immunological and inflammatory disorders. Thalidomide displays immunosuppresive and anti-angiogenic activity. It inhibits release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha from monocytes, and modulates other cytokine action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL). Also for use as maintenance therapy for prevention and suppression of the cutaneous manifestations of ENL recurrence.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Procaine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Procaine benzylpenicillin (INN), also known as procaine G penicillin, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. It is a poorly soluble salt form of penicillin which is a combination of naturally occuring benzylpenicillin (penicillin G) and the local anaesthetic agent procaine in equimolar amounts. Following deep intramuscular injection, it is slowly absorbed into the circulation and hydrolysed to benzylpenicillin — thus it is used where prolonged low concentrations of benzylpenicillin are required. This combination is aimed at reducing the pain and discomfort associated with a large intramuscular injection of penicillin. It is widely used in veterinary settings. Benzylpenicillin is active against a wide range of organisms and is the drug of first choice for many infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a number of bacterial infections such as syphilis, anthrax, mouth infections, pneumonia and diphtheria. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Diphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite.
