DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Benzodiazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benzodiazepine is under investigation for the prevention of Delirium and C.Surgical Procedure; Cardiac. Benzodiazepine has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Disorders of Gallbladder, Biliary Tract and Pancrease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Methaqualone
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Methaqualone is a sedative-hypnotic drug that is similar in effect to barbiturates, a general central nervous system depressant. The sedative-hypnotic activity was first noted by Indian researchers in the 1950s and in 1962 methaqualone itself was patented in the US by Wallace and Tiernan. Its use peaked in the early 1970s as a hypnotic, for the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant. It has also been used illegally as a recreational drug, commonly known as Quaaludes, Sopors, Ludes or Mandrax (particularly in the 1970s in North America) depending on the manufacturer. Since at least 2001, it has been widely used in South Africa, where it is commonly referred to as "smarties" or "geluk-tablette" (meaning happy tablets). Clandestinely produced methaqualone is still seized by government agencies and police forces around the world. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ergoloid mesylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ergoloid mesylate is a dihydrogenated ergot (Claviceps purpurea) derivative alkaloid used as a vasodilator agent. Ergoloid Mesylate is the only vasodilator that has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. Ergoloid Mesylate is a mixture of three different ergotamantriones: dihydroergocornine, dihydroergocristine, and dihydroergocryptine. It has been proposed to be a neuroprotective agent. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not clear.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct therapy for patients with dementia.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Idarucizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idarucizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody fragment (Fab) derived from an immunoglobulin G1 isotype molecule that binds to and inactivates the oral anticoagulant dabigatran, thereby reversing its anticoagulant effect. As a direct acting oral anticoagulant (DOAC), one of the risks associated with the use of dabigatran includes bleeding, espeically when given to patients at increased risk (elderly, chronic kidney disease, concomitant NSAID or warfarin use, etc). Approved under the tradename Praxbind (FDA), idarucizumab is indicated for the emergency treatment of dabigatran-associated bleeding in life-threatening or surgically induced situations. Its use is associated with immediate, complete and sustained reversal of the anticoagulant effects of dabigatran.Idarucizumab protein structure can be viewed below, with disulfide bridges at the following points: H22-H95, H149-H205, H225-L-219, L23-L93, L139-L199.
4. Indication:  For use in patients treated with Dabigatran when reversal of the anticoagulant effects of dabigatran is needed for emergency surgery/urgent procedures and in life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Benzatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzotropine is a centrally-acting, antimuscarinic agent used as an adjunct in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease. It may also be used to treat extrapyramidal reactions, such as dystonia and Parkinsonism, caused by antipsychotics (e.g. phenothiazines). Symptoms of Parkinson’s disease and extrapyramidal reactions arise from decreases in dopaminergic activity which creates an imbalance between dopaminergic and cholinergic activity. Anticholinergic therapy is thought to aid in restoring this balance leading to relief of symptoms. In addition to its anticholinergic effects, benztropine also inhibits the reuptake of dopamine at nerve terminals via the dopamine transporter. Benzotropine also produces antagonistic effects at the histamine H1 receptor. 
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and also for use in the control of extrapyramidal disorders due to neuroleptic drugs.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Phentermine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant and sympathomimetic with actions and uses similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been used most frequently in the treatment of obesity. [PubChem]. Some common brand names for phentermine are Adipex-P® and Suprenza™. Phentermine is also available in combination medications such as Qsymia®.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Picrotoxin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used internally for relieving respiratory distress. Also for use as an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially barbiturates.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dexmethylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexmethylphenidate is the dextrorotary form of methylphenidate. It is a norepinephrine-dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) and thus a psychostimulant. It is used for treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD). 
4. Indication:  Dexmethylphenidate is used as a treatment for ADHD, ideally in conjunction with psychological, educational, behavioral or other forms of treatment.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methylphenidate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant used most commonly in the treatment of attention-deficit disorders in children and for narcolepsy. Its mechanisms appear to be similar to those of dextroamphetamine.
4. Indication:  For use as an integral part of a total treatment program which typically includes other remedial measures (psychological, educational, social) for a stabilizing effect in children with a behavioral syndrome characterized by the following group of developmentally inappropriate symptoms: moderate-to-severe distractibility, short attention span, hyperactivity, emotional lability, and impulsivity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Nortriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the N-demethylated active metabolite of amitriptyline, is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, nortriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, nortriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Compared to other TCAs, nortriptyline is less toxic and displays less drug interactions [6]. As a more selective noadrenaline reuptake inhibitor, nortriptyline is less likely associated with the hypertensive ‘cheese reaction' [6]. Nortriptyline exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Apart from its indication to treat depression, nortriptyline has been investigated in chronic neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), fibromyalgia [4], irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use) [5], post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Primarily indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Colchicine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major alkaloid from Colchicum autumnale L. and found also in other Colchicum species. Its primary therapeutic use is in the treatment of gout, but it has been used also in the therapy of familial Mediterranean fever (periodic disease). [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of pain in attacks of acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Desipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use). 
4. Indication:  For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sertraline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sertraline hydrochloride belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake [7]. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a more detailed listing of side effects). Compared to other agents in this class, sertraline may cause greater diarrheal and male sexual dysfunction effects [5]. Sertraline displays a better safety or tolerability profile than other classes of antidepressants [6]. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors [7]. Sertraline has shown therapeutic effectiveness as a treatment for major depressive disorder [1], obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2], panic disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [3], premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [4] and social anxiety disorder (social phobia).
4. Indication:  For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), panic disorder (PD) with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), and social anxiety disorder (SAD) [FDA Label]. It may be used for premature ejaculation and vascular headaches as off-label indications. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
