DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  KD3010
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KD3010 is a small molecule peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor delta (PPAR Delta) agonist for the treatment of metabolic disorders, including obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and obesity.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  CLX-0921
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CLX-0921 is investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2. CLX-0921 is a solid. CLX-0921 has a spectrum of activity that differs from commercially available thiazolidinediones. This substance targets the protein peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. It is a pharmacologically active antihyperglycemic agent that acts by increasing peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Glycodiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glycodiazine is used with diet to lower blood glucose by increasing the secretion of insulin from pancreas and increasing the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. The mechanism of action of glycodiazine in lowering blood glucose appears to be dependent on stimulating the release of insulin from functioning pancreatic beta cells, and increasing sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. Glycodiazine likely binds to ATP-sensitive potassium channel receptors on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Membrane depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels. This increase in intracellular calcium ion concentration induces the secretion of insulin. It is used for the concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.
4. Indication:  Glycodiazine is used concomitantly with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  QR-333
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-333 has been investigated as a treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. QR-333 is a concentrated and standardized nutrient based active compounds dosed in a topical cream designed to reduce oxidative stress and treat symptoms of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, a nerve disorder that can lead to numbness, skin ulcers, constant pain or extreme sensitivity to a stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Trodusquemine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  ZYC300
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ZYC300 is a plasmid DNA of CYP1B1 encapsulated in biodegradable poly-DL-lactide-coglycolide microparticles. It is designed as a vaccine, intended to increase immune system sensitivity to CYP1B1, an enzyme highly prevalent in tumor cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Beta-Alanine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of dihydrouracil and carnosine. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  KP-1461
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KP-1461 is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Levosimendan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levosimendan is a calcium sensitiser used in the management of acutely decompensated congestive heart failure. It increases the sensitivity of the heart to calcium, thus increasing cardiac contractility without a rise in intracellular calcium. Levosimendan exerts its effect by increasing calcium sensitivity of myocytes by binding to cardiac troponin C in a calcium-dependent manner. It also has a vasodilatory effect, by opening adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-sensitive potassium channels in vascular smooth muscle to cause smooth muscle relaxation.
4. Indication:  For short term treatment of acutely decompensated severe chronic heart failure (CHF). Also being investigated for use/treatment in heart disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Levoketoconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Levoketoconazole is a cortisol synthesis inhibitor that is being developed as a therapy for glucose and cholesterol control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Aleglitazar
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aleglitazar is an investigational drug from the company Hoffmann–La Roche and is currently in a phase III clinical trial called ALECARDIO. It is being investigated for use in patients with type II diabetes to reduce their risks of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity. Aleglitazar is an agonist at the peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (PPAR) for both the PPARα and PPARγ receptor subtypes. In the phase II clinical trial called SYNCHRONY, with type II diabetic patients, aleglitazar was able to control both lipid and glucose levels in a synergistic manner while also having limited side effects and toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use in patients with type II diabetes to reduce their risks of cardiovascular mortality and morbidity.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Methoxyamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Isoflurane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A stable, non-explosive inhalation anesthetic, relatively free from significant side effects.
4. Indication:  For induction and maintenance of general anesthesia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  SF1126
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SF1126 is an integrin-targeted PI3 kinase inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Chromium picolinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromium picolinate has a chemical formula CrPic3 and reddish-pink color. It is a coordination complex consisting of chromium(III) and picolinic acid. Chromium picolinate is used as a nutritional supplement for optimal insulin function in patients with Type 2 diabetes or promotion of weight loss. Chromium ions are shown to regulate insulin by promoting glucose utilization and increasing the sensitivity of the insulin receptor [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Glimepiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Glimepiride is the first III generation sulphonyl urea it is a very potent sulphonyl urea with long duration of action.
4. Indication:  For concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hydroxyamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test. Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.
4. Indication:  Mydriatic agent (eye pupil dilatation) for diagnosis of ophthalmic nerve lesions.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pioglitazone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pioglitazone is a medication belonging to the thiazolidinedione class of drugs that are used as adjuncts to diet, exercise, and other diabetes medications to manage type 2 diabetes mellitus. The thiazolidinedione class of medications exerts its pharmacological effect primarily by promoting insulin sensitivity and the improved uptake of blood glucose. Following entry into fat cell nuclei, pioglitazone selectively binds to the Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor Gamma (PPARγ)[4]. PPARs are ligand-activated transcription factors that are involved in the expression of more than 100 genes, and affect numerous metabolic processes, notably lipid and glucose homeostasis [5]. PPARγ in particular is abundantly expressed in lipid cells (adipocytes), where it plays a central role in lipid production and regulation of lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  Pioglitazone is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Gallamine Triethiodide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of gallamine triethiodide are similar to those of tubocurarine, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased cardiac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198)
4. Indication:  For use as adjuncts to anesthesia to induce skeletal muscle relaxation and to facilitate the management of patients undergoing mechanical ventilation
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sulfamethizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfathiazole antibacterial agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Desflurane
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desflurane is a highly fluorinated methyl ethyl ether used for maintenance of general anaesthesia. Volatile agents such as desflurane may activate GABA channels and hyperpolarize cell membranes. In addition, they may inhibit certain calcium channels and therefore prevent release of neurotransmitters and inhibit glutamate channels. Volatile anesthetics easily partition into cellular membranes and could expand the volume of the cell membrane and subsequently distort channels necessary for sodium ion flux and the development of action potentials necessary for synaptic transmission. Desflurane preconditions human myocardium against ischemia through activation of mitochondrial K(ATP) channels, adenosine A1 receptor, and alpha and beta adrenoceptors.
4. Indication:  For use as an inhalation agent for induction and/or maintenance of anesthesia for inpatient and outpatient surgery in adults.
