DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cocoa butter
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cocoa butter is edible vegetable fat extracted from the cocoa bean that is a rich source of saturated fatty acids. It is also referred to as theobroma oil as it is extracted from the Theobroma cocoa seeds. Cocoa butter contains 33% oleic acid, 25% palmitic acid, and 33% stearic acid but does not contain caffeine or theobromine. Cocoa butter is used to make chocolate, as well as some ointments, toiletries, and pharmaceuticals. It is avavilable in numerous forms of OTC products, such as lotions, creams, bars and suppositories.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pyrithione zinc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pyrithione zinc, or zinc pyrithione or zinc pyridinethione, is a coordination complex consisted of pyrithione ligands chelated to zinc (2+) ions via oxygen and sulfur centers. In the crystalline state, it exists as a centrosymmetric dimer. Due to its dynamic fungistatic and bacteriostatic properties, pyrithione zinc is used to treat dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis. Dandruff is a common scalp disease affecting >40% of the world's adult population, and may be caused by fungi such as Malassezia globosa and M. restricta [3].Pyrithione zinc is commonly found as an active ingredient in OTC antidandruff topical treatments such as shampoos. It mediates its action by increasing the cellular levels of copper, and damaging iron-sulfur clusters of proteins essential for fungal metabolism and growth [1]. Due to low solubility, pyrithione zinc released from the topical formulations is deposited and retained relatively well onto the target skin surfaces [2]. Other uses of pyrithione zinc include additive in antifouling outdoor paints and algaecide. While its use has been approved in the early 1960's by the FDA [4], safety and effectiveness of pyrithione zinc has been reported for decades. It is not shown to have any significant estrogenic activity according to the in vivo and in vitro assays [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis [2]. 
