DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Reglixane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Reglixane, an isoxazolidine-3,5-dione derivative, is being developed by Pfizer for the treatment of diabetes. It is the first non-thiazolidenedione to enter clinical trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sonedenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sonedenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Diabetic and Diabetes Complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tolrestat
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tolrestat (INN) (AY-27773) is an aldose reductase inhibitor which was approved for the control of certain diabetic complications. While it was approved for marketed in several countries, it failed a Phase III trial in the U.S. due to toxicity and never received FDA approval. It was discontinued by Wyeth in 1997 because of the risk of severe liver toxicity and death. It was sold under the tradename Alredase. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the pharmacological control of certain diabetic complications.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Voglibose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voglibose (INN and USAN) is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels in people with diabetes mellitus. It is made in India by Ranbaxy Labs and sold under the trade name Volix. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes. It is specifically used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels thereby reducing the risk of macrovascular complications.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Diacerein
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diacerein is a prodrug which is metabolized to rhein. It is currently approved in France for the treatment of osteoarthritis although the use of diacerein is restricted due to the side effects including sevre diarrhea [6]. Diacerein is under investigation for the treatment of Insulin Resistance, Diabetes Mellitus (Type 2), and Diabetes-Related Complications.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteoarthritis affecting the hip or knee [6].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Metreleptin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metreleptin, a recombinant analog of the human hormone leptin, is an orphan drug used to treat complications of leptin deficiency in people with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy. Affecting less than 500 people worldwide, lipodystrophy is characterized by a lack of adipose tissue, fat deposition in the muscles and liver, and metabolic complications such as hypertriglyceridemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver disease. These metabolic abnormalities are often aggravated by excessive food intake, which is further aggravated by leptin deficiency, a protein secreted by adipose tissue. Administration of Metreleptin results in improvement of metabolic symptoms including improvements in insulin resistance, reduced HbA1c and fasting glucose, reduced triglycerides, and reductions in food intake. Metreleptin is produced in E. coli and differs from native human leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. It is administered as a once daily subcutaneous injection. On Feb. 24, 2014, Metreleptin was approved by the FDA for the treatment of complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metreleptin is marketed under the brand Myalept® by Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Metreleptin is indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant zoster vaccine, manufactured as the product Shingrix by GlaxoSmithKline, is an adjuvanted non-live recombinant vaccine indicated for prevention of shingles. First approved in October 2017 by the Food and Drug Administration, Shingrix is the preferred vaccine for preventing varicella zoster infection in people aged 50 years and older, replacing Zostavax as first line therapy[4]. Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by a reactivation of Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV), the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox in childhood. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash. Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [3]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age [FDA Label]. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.The main immunological component of Shingrix vaccine is glycoprotein E (gE), a protein found on the surface of varicella zoster virus (VZV). Immune exposure to gE protein stimulates the development of anti-gE antibodies, and therefore adaptive immunity to VZV. Shingrix also contains an adjuvant system, AS01B, which is intended to enhance the immunological response to the vaccine leading to longer lasting and greater immunogenicity to the herpes zoster virus [2].
4. Indication:  Shingrix vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in adults aged 50 years and older.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  TH0318
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TH0318 is a stabilized analogue of human GLP-1 (glucagon-like peptide-1) under investigation for the treatment of type 2 diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Liraglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Victoza contains liraglutide, an analog of human GLP-1 and acts as a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The peptide precursor of liraglutide, produced by a process that includes expression of recombinant DNA in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, has been engineered to be 97% homologous to native human GLP-1 by substituting arginine for lysine at position 34. Liraglutide is made by attaching a C-16 fatty acid (palmitic acid) with a glutamic acid spacer on the remaining lysine residue at position 26 of the peptide precursor.
4. Indication:  For use in/treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Live/Attenuated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Live attenuated zoster vaccine is available as two products: Zostavax for the prevention of shingles in immunocompetent people over the age of 50, and Varivax for the prevention of chickenpox in individuals 12 months of age and older. While the two vaccines contain the same immunological components and provide protection against the same virus, Zostavax contains a higher dose and is used in older adults to prevent the development of shingles and post-herpetic neuralgia. First approved in May 2006 by the Food and Drug Administration, Zostavax was the first vaccine available for the prevention of shingles. Since October 2017, however, it has been replaced as first line therapy by Shingrix (Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)), a more effective and longer lasting vaccine[3]. Both Varivax and Zostavax are composed of a lyophilized preparation of live, attenuated Oka/Merck strain of varicella-zoster virus. Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV) is the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox (also known as Varicella) in childhood [4]. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash, known as shingles (or Herpes Zoster). Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [2]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Efficacy for prevention of shingles is highest in patients 60-69 years old and decreases with increasing age. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.
4. Indication:  Zostavax vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in immunocompetent adults aged 50 years and older.Varivax vaccine is indicated for active immunization for the prevention of varicella in individuals 12 months of age and older.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  INCB13739
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INCB13739 is developed as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes.It is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of 11beta-HSD1 (11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1). 11beta-HSD1 is an enzyme that appears to be critical to the development of type 2 diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and diabetes prevention.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  PF-05175157
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-05175157 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Acne Vulgaris, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitus Type 2, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  NBI-6024
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NBI-6024 is an altered peptide ligand that is designed to cause an immune response which result in preservation of beta-cell function and endogenous insulin production. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aliskiren
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aliskiren is the first in a class of drugs called direct renin inhibitors. Its current licensed indication is essential (primary) hypertension. While used for high blood pressure, other better studied medications are typically recommended due to concerns of higher side effects and less evidence of benefit. In December 2011, Novartis halted a clinical trial of the drug after discovering increased incidence of nonfatal stroke, kidney complications, high blood potassium, and low blood pressure in people with diabetes and kidney impairment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension, to lower blood pressure.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Avanafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of erectile dysfunction in males. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  2,4-thiazolidinedione
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Thiazolidinedione has been investigated for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes, Diabetes Mellitus, and DIABETES MELLITUS, TYPE 2.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  rhGAD65
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhGAD65 (recombinant human glutamic acid decarboxylase) is a vaccine being developed to treat insulin dependent type 1 diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bexagliflozin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bexagliflozin is under investigation for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus. Bexagliflozin has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus and Type2 Diabetes Mellitus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  TAK-428
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAK-428 is a drug for treating diabetic neuropathy. It is based on the novel concept that peripheral nervous tissue that was damaged by diabetes can be repaired and regenerated by stimulating an increase in neurotrophic factors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
