DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Davunetide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Davunetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.Davunetide is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Davunetide is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  NGX267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NGX267 is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tideglusib
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[1] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.
4. Indication:  Tideglusib was initially formulated for the treatment of Alzheimer and progressive supranuclear palsy.[1] The raising interest for the use of tideglusib comes from the significant upregulation of GSK-3 in the brain in patients with Alzheimer disease. Its function as a degradant of β-catenin, was also important, as it prevents the transcription of cell survival genes. All these factors have directed current research towards this kinase as a potential target.[3] Alzheimer disease is the most prevalent form of dementia. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disease is related to the presence of amyloid β, which triggers a cascade that will alter the Tau protein and provoke synaptic dysfunction and neuronal death.[4] GSK-3 importance in the tissue repair pathway has also pointed out a novel application for tideglusib. Thus, it is also under the research for the natural repair treatment of deep caries lesions.[2] 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sevelamer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sevelamer is a phosphate binding drug used to prevent hyperphosphataemia in patients with chronic renal failure. When taken with meals, sevelamer binds to dietary phosphate and prevents its absorption. It is marketed by Genzyme under the trade name Renagel.
4. Indication:  For the control of serum phosphorus in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) on hemodialysis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Polatuzumab Vedotin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Polatuzumab Vedotin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Lymphoma, B-Cell, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Lymphoma, Follicular, Lymphoma, Follicular, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, and Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Lymphoma, Non Hodgkin, Lymphoma, Follicular, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy for the treatment of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is a type of a non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the second cell-based gene therapy that is FDA-approved but the first in the treatment of large B-cell lymphoma in adult patients. Uniquely, axicabtagene ciloleucel utilizes each patient’s own immune system where each dose of the drug consists of the patient's genetically modified T-cells that were previously collected. The modified version of the T-cell expresses a new gene that targets and kills the lymphoma cells and is infused back into the patient. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common type of NHL in adults that mostly originates from the lymph nodes but can initiate outside of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma cells appear to be much larger in size than normal lymphocytes. In a multicenter clinical trial, the patients who were treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel achieved the complete remission rate of 51%. Developed by Kite Pharma, Inc., it was approved on October 18th, 2017 by the FDA as an intravenously infused anticancer therapy and is marketed under the brand name Yescarta.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, high grade B-cell lymphoma, and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Evofosfamide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TH-302 is a novel cancer therapeutic specifically activated under the low oxygen or "hypoxic" conditions typical of solid tumor cancer cells. TH-302 is a nitroimidazole-linked prodrug of a brominated derivative of an isophosphoramide mustard previously used in cancer drugs such as ifosfamide, cyclophosphamide, and glufosfamide. TH-302 has been shown, in preclinical studies, to be both efficacious and well tolerated.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mestranol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-methyl ether of ethinyl estradiol. It must be demethylated to be biologically active. It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Mestranol was used as one of the first oral contraceptives.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fresolimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fresolimumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Brain Tumors, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Diffuse Systemic Sclerosis, Pleural Malignant Mesothelioma, and Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Calcitriol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Calcitriol or 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol (abbreviated 1,25-(OH)2-D3) is the active form of vitamin D found in the body (vitamin D3). Calcitriol is marketed under various trade names including Rocaltrol (Roche), Calcijex (Abbott) and Decostriol (Mibe, Jesalis). It is produced in the kidneys via 25-hydroxyvitamin D-1 α-hydroxylase by conversion from 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (calcidiol). This is stimulated by a decrease in serum calcium, phosphate (PO43−) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels. It regulates calcium levels by increasing the absorption of calcium and phosphate from the gastrointestinal tract, increasing calcium and phosphate reabsorption in the kidneys and inhibiting the release of PTH. Calcitriol is also commonly used as a medication in the treatment of hypocalcemia and osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Calcium Acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The chemical compound calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. An older name is acetate of lime. The anhydrous form is very hygroscopic, therefore the monohydrate is the common form. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Calcium acetate is one of a number of calcium salts used to treat hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Neramexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neramexane is a low-to-moderate affinity uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, hearing loss, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pyrazinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrazine that is used therapeutically as an antitubercular agent.
4. Indication:  For the initial treatment of active tuberculosis in adults and children when combined with other antituberculous agents.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Prednicarbate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug. It is similar in potency to hydrocortisone. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Diethylstilbestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethylstilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Previously used in the prevention of miscarriage or premature delivery in pregnant women prone to miscarriage or premature delivery.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Inebilizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Inebilizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Blood Cancer, B-cell Malignancies, Advanced B Cell Malignancies, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL), and Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma (DLBCL).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Norepinephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Precursor of epinephrine that is secreted by the adrenal medulla and is a widespread central and autonomic neurotransmitter. Norepinephrine is the principal transmitter of most postganglionic sympathetic fibers and of the diffuse projection system in the brain arising from the locus ceruleus. It is also found in plants and is used pharmacologically as a sympathomimetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Mainly used to treat patients in vasodilatory shock states such as septic shock and neurogenic shock and has shown a survival benefit over dopamine. Also used as a vasopressor medication for patients with critical hypotension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sodium carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Carbonate is the disodium salt of carbonic acid with alkalinizing property. When dissolved in water, sodium carbonate forms carbonic acid and sodium hydroxide. As a strong base, sodium hydroxide neutralizes gastric acid thereby acting as an antacid.
4. Indication:  Used topically for dermatitides, mouthwash, vaginal douche; veterinary use as emergency emetic.Occasionally, for dermatitides topically as a lotion. Medication (Vet): In solution to cleanse skin, in eczema, to soften scabs of ringworm.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  PPI-2458
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PPI-2458 represents a potentially new and important addition to the growing list of therapeutics aimed at specific molecular oncology targets. PPI-2458 is a novel, proprietary molecule belonging to the fumagillin class of compounds that specifically targets the MetAP-2 enzyme. This class of compounds has been shown to prevent both abnormal cell growth and the formation of new blood vessels (known as angiogenesis), which contribute to the growth of aberrant tissues in diseases such as cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. Clinical development with previous fumagillin derivatives has been limited by their toxicity profile. In preclinical studies to date, PPI-2458 has demonstrated the potent pharmacologic activity of this class of compounds while displaying an improved pharmacokinetic and toxicity profile.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
