DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  CCX282
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX282, is a novel, orally active anti-inflammatory agent that targets a chemokine receptor protein implicated in both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, the two principal forms of IBD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, and ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Cholecystokinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholecystokinin ( also known as CCK or CCK-PZ) is a peptide hormone of the gastrointestinal system which is responsible for stimulating the digestion of fat and protein. Cholecystokinin, previously called pancreozymin, is synthesized and secreted by enteroendocrine cells in the duodenum (the first portion of the small intestine) and leads to the release of bile and digestive enzymes. CCK also acts as an appetite suppressant and has been studied for weight management regimens [12]. Normally, it is an endogenous hormone but is available commercially for diagnostic processes and replacement in pancreatic insufficiency [21, 22, 23]. in the octapeptide form.Cholecystokinin is one of the first gastrointestinal hormones discovered, identified more than 90 years ago due to its ability to stimulate gallbladder contraction in 1928. Soon after, it was recognized to be identical to the factor responsible for stimulating pancreatic exocrine secretion in 1943 [11]. This hormone has also been shown to have positive effects on enteric smooth muscle contraction and on nerve activity at multiple locations in the peripheral and central nervous system. In addition to its roles in promoting smooth muscle cell contraction/exocrine cell secretion, CCK promotes cell growth, energy production, gene expression and protein synthesis, processes that have profound for drug development [11]. This drug has also been investigated for possible antipsychotic properties, owing to its effect on CCK receptors in the brain [13].Recent studies have suggested that cholecystokinin also plays a major role in inducing drug tolerance to opioids such as morphine and heroin, and is partially implicated in experiences of pain hypersensitivity during opioid withdrawal [1].
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gallbladder disorders. It is also used in conjunction with secretin in pancreatic insufficiency [9].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Triptolide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triptolide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Crohn's Disease, Intestinal Diseases, Gastrointestinal Diseases, and Digestive System Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Peppermint
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peppermint allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Chloroquine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical antimalarial agent with a mechanism that is not well understood. It has also been used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and in the systemic therapy of amebic liver abscesses.
4. Indication:  For the suppressive treatment and for acute attacks of malaria due to P. vivax, P.malariae, P. ovale, and susceptible strains of P. falciparum, Second-line agent in treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Colesevelam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Colesevelam is a bile acid sequestrant. Colesevelam is used with exercise and diet changes (restriction of cholesterol and fat intake) to reduce the amount of cholesterol and certain fatty substances in the blood. It works by binding bile acids in the intestine. Bile acids are made when cholesterol is broken down in the body. Removing these bile acids helps to lower blood cholesterol.
4. Indication:  For use, alone or in combination with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, as adjunctive therapy to diet and exercise for the reduction of elevated LDL cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (Fredrickson Type IIa).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Butylscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Butylscopolamine is a peripherally acting antimuscarinic, anticholinergic agent. It is used to treat pain and discomfort caused by abdominal cramps, menstrual cramps, or other spasmodic activity in the digestive system. It is also effective at preventing bladder spasms. It is not a pain medication in the normal sense, since it does not directly affect pain, but rather works to prevent painful cramps and spasms from occurring. It is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Used to treat abdmoninal cramping and pain [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sulpiride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2-receptor antagonist. It has been used therapeutically as an antidepressant, antipsychotic, and as a digestive aid. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Sulpiride is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trichoderma viride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trichoderma viride is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichoderma viride extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dexketoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is available in the various countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. It has analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory properties [2].
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of mild to moderate pain, including dysmenorrhoea, musculoskeletal pain and toothache [6]. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ginger
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ginger allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Simethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simethicone is an orally administered antifoaming agent. It is mainly used to reduce gas from the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) in patients complaining from recurrent flatulence. Simethicone is a mixture of polydimethylsiloxane and hydrated silica gel. It exerts its action locally in the GIT, it is not absorbed into the blood stream.The main side effects of simethicone are GIT related including: mild diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.
4. Indication:  To relieve pain and discomfort caused by excess gas in the intestine and stomach in cases such as flatulence and post operative gaseous distention.It could be used also prior to an endoscopy to eliminate foam, gas and air from the gastrointestinal tract to reduce gas shadow which will result in better visualization.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Benzthiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzthiazide is used to treat hypertension and edema. Like other thiazides, benzthiazide promotes water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na+/Cl- reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ceruletide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caerulein is a specific decapeptide similar in action and composition to the natural gastrointestinal peptide hormone cholecystokinin. It stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle.
4. Indication:  Caerulein stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle. As such, it is used in paralytic ileus and as diagnostic aid in pancreatic malfunction.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tilactase
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Tilactase is a chewable tablet that contain beta-D-galactosidase. Also known as lactase, beta-D-galactosidase is a glycoside hydrolase enzyme that catalyzes the hydrolysis of β-galactosides. Enzymes contained in tilactase is obtained from Aspergillus oryzae, a probiotic filamentous fungus. Tilactase is available in various countries to be used as an alternative therapeutic approach for lactose-intolerant patients who lack lactase enzymes. It can be taken orally before ingesting a lactose-containing meal.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
