DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  CCX282
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX282, is a novel, orally active anti-inflammatory agent that targets a chemokine receptor protein implicated in both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, the two principal forms of IBD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, and ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ivacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivacaftor (also known as Kalydeco or VX-770) is a drug used for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 2 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, an ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes. CFTR is active in epithelial cells of organs such as of the lungs, pancreas, liver, digestive system, and reproductive tract. Alterations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes [5, 6]. As a result, CF patients produce a thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to complications such as infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition [8]. Use of Ivacaftor has been shown to both improve CF symptoms and modulate underlying disease pathology. This is achieved by potentiating the channel opening probability (or gating) of CFTR protein in patients with impaired gating mechanisms. This is in contrast to Lumacaftor, another CF medication, that functions by preventing misfolding of the CFTR protein and thereby results in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with ivacaftor results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms [FDA Label]. This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) [11].A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes [7]. Ivacaftor as monotherapy has failed to show a benefit for patients with delta-F508 mutations, most likely due to insufficient amount of protein available at the cell membrane for interaction and potentiation by the drug[10]. The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered [9]. Ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF in patients with this second type of mutation, as it binds to and potentiates the channel opening ability of CFTR proteins on the cell membrane [9].Although ivacaftor has not shown any significant improvements in patients with the delta-F508 mutation, it has shown significant improvements (>10% increase in FEV1 from baseline) in lung function for the following mutations: E56K, P67L, R74W, D110E, D110H, R117C, R117H, G178R, E193K, L206W, R347H, R352Q, A455E, S549N, S549R, G551D, G551S, D579G, S945L, S977F, F1052V, K1060T, A1067T, G1069R, R1070Q, R1070W, F1074L, D1152H, G1244E, S1251N, S1255P, D1270N, and G1349D [FDA Label]. This list was expanded by the FDA in May 2017 from 10 to 33 to accomodate more rare mutations [12]. When used as monotherapy as the product Kalydeco, ivacaftor is indicated for the managmenet of CF in patients age 2 years and older who have a mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ivacaftor potentiation (see above list of susceptible mutations). When used in combination with the drug Lumacaftor as the product Orkambi, ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene.Prior to the development of ivacaftor, management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process or lung function (FEV1). Notably, ivacaftor was the first medication approved for the management of the underlying causes of CF (abnormalities in CFTR protein function) rather than control of symptoms [4].Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals. It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration on January 31, 2012 and by Health Canada on November 26, 2012.
4. Indication:  When used as monotherapy as the product Kalydeco, ivacaftor is indicated for the managmenet of CF in patients age 2 years and older who have a mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ivacaftor potentiation. Ivacaftor received expanded approval in May 2017 for the following 33 CFTR mutations: E56K, P67L, R74W, D110E, D110H, R117C, R117H, G178R, E193K, L206W, R347H, R352Q, A455E, S549N, S549R, G551D, G551S, D579G, S945L, S977F, F1052V, K1060T, A1067T, G1069R, R1070Q, R1070W, F1074L, D1152H, G1244E, S1251N, S1255P, D1270N, and G1349D [12].When used in combination with the drug Lumacaftor as the product Orkambi, ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cholecystokinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholecystokinin ( also known as CCK or CCK-PZ) is a peptide hormone of the gastrointestinal system which is responsible for stimulating the digestion of fat and protein. Cholecystokinin, previously called pancreozymin, is synthesized and secreted by enteroendocrine cells in the duodenum (the first portion of the small intestine) and leads to the release of bile and digestive enzymes. CCK also acts as an appetite suppressant and has been studied for weight management regimens [12]. Normally, it is an endogenous hormone but is available commercially for diagnostic processes and replacement in pancreatic insufficiency [21, 22, 23]. in the octapeptide form.Cholecystokinin is one of the first gastrointestinal hormones discovered, identified more than 90 years ago due to its ability to stimulate gallbladder contraction in 1928. Soon after, it was recognized to be identical to the factor responsible for stimulating pancreatic exocrine secretion in 1943 [11]. This hormone has also been shown to have positive effects on enteric smooth muscle contraction and on nerve activity at multiple locations in the peripheral and central nervous system. In addition to its roles in promoting smooth muscle cell contraction/exocrine cell secretion, CCK promotes cell growth, energy production, gene expression and protein synthesis, processes that have profound for drug development [11]. This drug has also been investigated for possible antipsychotic properties, owing to its effect on CCK receptors in the brain [13].Recent studies have suggested that cholecystokinin also plays a major role in inducing drug tolerance to opioids such as morphine and heroin, and is partially implicated in experiences of pain hypersensitivity during opioid withdrawal [1].
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gallbladder disorders. It is also used in conjunction with secretin in pancreatic insufficiency [9].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Triptolide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triptolide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Crohn's Disease, Intestinal Diseases, Gastrointestinal Diseases, and Digestive System Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Peppermint
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peppermint allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Chloroquine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical antimalarial agent with a mechanism that is not well understood. It has also been used to treat rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, and in the systemic therapy of amebic liver abscesses.
4. Indication:  For the suppressive treatment and for acute attacks of malaria due to P. vivax, P.malariae, P. ovale, and susceptible strains of P. falciparum, Second-line agent in treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Colesevelam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Colesevelam is a bile acid sequestrant. Colesevelam is used with exercise and diet changes (restriction of cholesterol and fat intake) to reduce the amount of cholesterol and certain fatty substances in the blood. It works by binding bile acids in the intestine. Bile acids are made when cholesterol is broken down in the body. Removing these bile acids helps to lower blood cholesterol.
4. Indication:  For use, alone or in combination with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, as adjunctive therapy to diet and exercise for the reduction of elevated LDL cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (Fredrickson Type IIa).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Butylscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Butylscopolamine is a peripherally acting antimuscarinic, anticholinergic agent. It is used to treat pain and discomfort caused by abdominal cramps, menstrual cramps, or other spasmodic activity in the digestive system. It is also effective at preventing bladder spasms. It is not a pain medication in the normal sense, since it does not directly affect pain, but rather works to prevent painful cramps and spasms from occurring. It is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Used to treat abdmoninal cramping and pain [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sulpiride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2-receptor antagonist. It has been used therapeutically as an antidepressant, antipsychotic, and as a digestive aid. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Sulpiride is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Trichoderma viride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trichoderma viride is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Trichoderma viride extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dexketoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is available in the various countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. It has analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory properties [2].
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of mild to moderate pain, including dysmenorrhoea, musculoskeletal pain and toothache [6]. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
