DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fasudil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasudil has been investigated in Carotid Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ataciguat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ataciguat has been investigated for the basic science of Aortic Valve Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tamsulosin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tamsulosin is a selective antagonist at alpha-1A and alpha-1B-adrenoceptors in the prostate, prostatic capsule, prostatic urethra, and bladder neck. At least three discrete alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes have been identified: alpha-1A, alpha-1B and alpha-1D; their distribution differs between human organs and tissue. Approximately 70% of the alpha1-receptors in human prostate are of the alpha-1A subtype. Blockage of these receptors causes relaxation of smooth muscles in the bladder neck and prostate.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (reduction in urinary obstruction and relief of associated manifestations such as hesitancy, terminal dribbling of urine, interrupted or weak stream...etc.)
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Heroin
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic that may be habit-forming. It is a controlled substance (opium derivative) listed in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21 Parts 329.1, 1308.11 (1987). Sale is forbidden in the United States by Federal statute. (Merck Index, 11th ed) Internationally, heroin is controlled under Schedules I and IV of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. It is illegal to manufacture, possess, or sell heroin in the United States and the UK. However, under the name diamorphine, heroin is a legal prescription drug in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of acute pain, myocardial infarction, acute pulmonary oedema, and chronic pain.
