DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MN-305
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, depression, insomnia, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  DAS-431 IV
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, dementia, parkinson's disease, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and strokes.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Glypromate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MK-0354
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  YSIL6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YSIL6 is a small-molecule drug in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. The molecule works by inhibiting TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in T-cells and macrophages, and by inhibiting T-cell proliferation and migration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  AN0128
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AN0128 is a novel compound that contains a boron atom within a borinic acid complex. AN0128 has broad spectrum activity against a wide variety of Gram positivebacteria, including many that are known skin colonizers. Of particular importance is P. acnes and its causal role in acne vulgaris. The rise in antibioticresistance of P. acnes to standard antibiotics necessitates the development of new treatment agents. AN0128 is a good candidate for a topical antibiotic and is currently being developed by Anacor as a novel therapeutic for acne and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, atopic dermatitis, pediatric indications, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Urofollitropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
4. Indication:  For treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lemuteporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostrate disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Esmirtazapine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Esmirtazapine (SCH 900265) is a drug which was under development by Organon for the treatment of insomnia and vasomotor symptoms (e.g., hot flashes) associated with menopause. Esmirtazapine is the (S)-(+)-enantiomer of mirtazapine and possesses similar overall pharmacology, including inverse agonist actions at H1 and 5-HT2 receptors and antagonist actions at α2-adrenergic receptors. Merck has terminated its internal clinical development program for esmirtazapine as of March 2010.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  TTP889
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  VX-765
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-765 is the orally available prodrug of a potent and selective competitive inhibitor of ICE/caspase-1 (VRT-043198). VX-765 is currently under clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, as it blocks the hypersensitive response to an inflammatory stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified) and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  EP-2104R
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EP-2104R is an imaging pharmaceutical under development for the detection of blood clots. It is the first targeted high-resolution technique designed to visualize blood clots directly. It is being developed by EPIX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Briakinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Briakinumab is a human anti-IL-12 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of a number of T-cell driven autoimmune diseases. It targets and neutralize interleukin-12 and interleukin-23, two proteins associated with inflammation, such as pro-inflammatory interleukins or tumor necrosis factor- alpha. Briakinumab represents a novel approach to treating psoriasis, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn’s Disease and other autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cenobamate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YKP-3089 is a novel small molecule that is currently under development as an anxiolytic therapeutic agent. The exact mechanism(s) by which YKP3089 exerts its effects remain under active investigation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Estriol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A hydroxylated metabolite of estradiol or estrone that has a hydroxyl group at C3-beta, 16-alpha, and 17-beta position. Estriol is a major urinary estrogen. During pregnancy, large amount of estriol is produced by the placenta. Isomers with inversion of the hydroxyl group or groups are called epiestriol. Though estriol is used as part of the primarily North American phenomenon of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy, it is not approved for use by the FDA or Health Canada. It is however available in the United States by prescription filled only by compounding pharmacies. It has also been approved and marketed throughout Europe and Asia for approximately 40 years for the treatment of post-menopausal hot flashes.
4. Indication:  Used as a test to determine the general health of an unborn fetus.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Promestriene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Promestriene has been used in trials studying the prevention of Hypospadias.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Danazol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of endometriosis and fibrocystic breast disease (in patients unresponsive to simple measures). Also used for the prophylactic treatment of all types of hereditary angioedema in males and females.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Norelgestromin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Norelgestromin is a drug used in contraception. Norelgestromin is the active progestin responsible for the progestational activity that occurs in women after application of ORTHO EVRA patch.
4. Indication:  Norelgestromin is used for contraception and menopausal hormonal therapy. Norelgestromin may potentially be used in breast cancer treatment due to its inhibitory effect on estrone sulfatase . They convert sulfated steroid precursors to estrogen during pregnancy. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dydrogesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone with no androgenic or estrogenic properties. Unlike many other progestational compounds, dydrogesterone produces no increase in temperature and does not inhibit ovulation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular duration of cycles and irregular occurrence and duration of periods caused by progesterone deficiency. Also used to prevent natural abortion in patients who have a history of habitual abortions.
