DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rucaparib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rucaparib is a potent mammalian poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1, 2 and 3 inhibitor with anticancer properties. PPAR is an enzyme that plays an essential role in DNA repair by activating response pathways and facilitating repair [2], and defects in these repair mechanisms have been demonstrated in various malignancies, including cancer. Regulation of repair pathways is critical in promoting necessary cell death. BRCA genes are tumor suppressor genes mediate several cellular process including DNA replication, transcription regulation, cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis, chromatin structuring and homologous recombination (HR). Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), along with PPAR inhibition, is a vulnerability that enhances the cell death pathway when the single mutations alone would permit viability. Ovarian cancer commonly possesses defects in DNA repair pathways such as HRD due to BRCA mutations or otherwise. There are three main types of ovarian cancer: epithelial (90%), germ cell (5%) and sex cord stromal cell (5%). Epithelial ovarian, being the most common, fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women in the United States. Advanced ovarian cancer particularly poses challenges due to reduced therapeutic response rates from standard platinum-based chemotherapy and overall survival rates. Rucaparib has shown to induce cytotoxicity in tumor cell lines with deficiencies in BRCA1/2 and other DNA repair genes [FDA Label]. Of all the BRCA1/2 mutations in ovarian cancer, most are due to germline mutations (18%), and approximately 7% represent somatic mutations acquired within the tumor [4].The indication of rucaparib as an oral monotherapy in patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer was granted accelerated approval in 2016 for selected patients who have previously received greater than two lines of platinum-based therapy. It is currently marketed in the US under the brand name Rubraca that contains rucaparib camsylate as the active ingredient. The identification of patients who are eligible for rucaparib therapy is performed via in vitro diagnostic tests to detect the presence of a deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic). The FDA-approved test qualitatively detects sequence alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) genes. More information can be found on the FDA Website [9].While rucaparib is indicated for deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic)-associated advanced ovarian cancer, there is evidence that its antitumor activity is also clinically effective against ovarian tumors with high homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) loss of heterozygosity (LOH) [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated as monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with two or more chemotherapies. Select patients for therapy based on an FDA-approved companion diagnostic for rucaparib.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Norfloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) with broad-spectrum antibacterial activity against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. Norfloxacin inhibits bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Methoxyamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PR-104
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  ARC183
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC183 is a DNA aptamer, which is a single-stranded DNA molecule consisting of 15 deoxynucleotides that forms well-defined three-dimensional configuration, allowing it to bind to thrombin with high affinity and specificity. The keyadvantage of ARC183 compared to other thrombin inhibitors is its rapid onset of action and short half-life, giving it the potential to be an ideal agent for medical procedures that require rapid resolution of anticoagulation or that require reversal of anticoagulation shortly after the procedure is completed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fleroxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fleroxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial fluoroquinolone. It strongly inhibits the DNA-supercoiling activity of DNA gyrase.
4. Indication:  Fleroxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial fluoroquinolone.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Somatorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somatorelin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Aging, Elderly, Sleep Disorders, Hormone Deficiency, and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  RP101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP101 is targeted at preventing tumor cells from developing resistance to chemotherapy, one of the most challenging areas facing oncologists. RP101 would be used as a co-treatment with cytostatic drugs to give a broader range of chemotherapy treatment options, thereby extending survival periods and improving quality of life for the cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), chemotherapy, and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  XL844
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL844 is investigated for the use and treatment solid tumors. XL844 is a solid. XL844 is a potent inhibitor of the checkpoint kinases CHK1 and CHK2, which induce cell cycle arrest in response to a variety of DNA damaging agents. Known drug targets of XL844 including serine/threonine-protein kinase Chk1 and serine/threonine-protein kinase Chk2.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  NV-07a
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV-07a is topical skin repair compound protecting skin from sun-induced immunosuppression and UV-induced damage.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin cancer and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Topotecan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer. It works by inhibiting DNA topoisomerases, type I. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer in patients with disease that has recurred or progressed following therapy with platinum-based regimens. Also used as a second-line therapy for treatment-sensitive small cell lung cancer, as well as in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of stage IV-B, recurrent, or persistent cervical cancer not amenable to curative treatment with surgery and/or radiation therapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Levomefolic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levomefolic acid (INN) is the metabolite of folic acid (Vitamin B9) and it is a predominant active form of folate found in foods and in the blood circulation, accounting for 98% of folates in human plasma [8]. It is transported across the membranes including the blood-brain barrier into various tissues where it plays an essential role in the DNA synthesis, cysteine cycle and regulation of homocysteine, where it methylates homocysteine and forms methionine and tetrahydrofolate (THF). Levomefolate is approved as a food additive and is designated a GRAS (generally regarded as safe) compound [13]. It is available commercially as a crystalline form of the calcium salt (Metafolin(R)), which has the stability required for use as a supplement [8]. Supplementation of levomefolic acid is desired over folic acid due to reduced potential for masking vitamin B12 deficiency symptoms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of folate deficiency and for use as an antidote against folic acid antagonists. Contained in oral contraceptives to reduce the risk of neural tube defects arising from folic acid deficiency for pregnant women who conceived during use or shortly after the discontinuation of the product. Being studied for use as a treatment for cardiovascular diseases [7] and adjunct therapy for patients undergoing antidepressant pharmacotherapy [5, 6].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Irinotecan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Irinotecan is an antineoplastic enzyme inhibitor primarily used in the treatment of colorectal cancer. It is a derivative of camptothecin that inhibits the action of topoisomerase I. Irinotecan prevents religation of the DNA strand by binding to topoisomerase I-DNA complex, and causes double-strand DNA breakage and cell death. It is a derivative of camptothecin. Irinotecan was approved for the treatment of advanced pancreatic cancer in October, 2015 (irinotecan liposome injection, trade name Onivyde).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer (first-line therapy when administered with 5-fluorouracil and leucovorin). Also used in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of extensive small cell lung cancer. Irinotecan is currently under investigation for the treatment of metastatic or recurrent cervical cancer. Also used in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin for the treatment of patients with metastatic adenocarcinoma of the pancreas after disease progression following gemcitabine-based therapy. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Amuvatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amuvatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Small Cell Lung Carcinoma. Amuvatinib is an oral, selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Amuvatinib is a selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cytarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute non-lymphocytic leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia and blast phase of chronic myelocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  GMX1777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GMX1777 is a water-soluble prodrug of the cyanoguanidine compound GMX1778 with potential antineoplastic activity. In vivo, apoptosis inducer GMX1777 is rapidly converted into GMX1778 through hydrolytic cleavage of a carbonate ester bond. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, GMX1778 appears to antagonize nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) transcription, resulting in the induction of tumor cell apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of solid tumors and lymphomas.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chlorambucil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic agent for the treatment of various malignant and nonmalignant diseases. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic lymphatic (lymphocytic) leukemia, childhood minimal-change nephrotic syndrome, and malignant lymphomas including lymphosarcoma, giant follicular lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, and Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cisplatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cisplatin, cisplatinum or cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) (CDDP) is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug used to treat various types of cancers, including sarcomas, some carcinomas (e.g. small cell lung cancer, and ovarian cancer), lymphomas and germ cell tumors. It was the first member of its class, which now also includes carboplatin and oxaliplatin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic testicular tumors, metastatic ovarian tumors and advanced bladder cancer.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Laromustine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VNP40101M is a novel alkylating agent that has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Lymphoma, Lung Cancer, Small Intestine Cancer, and Myelodysplastic Syndromes, among others.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), colorectal cancer, leukemia (lymphoid), leukemia (myeloid), lung cancer, myelodysplastic syndrome, pediatric indications, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Rosoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rosoxacin is a quinolone derivative antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients. Rosoxacin is known to be effective against penicillin resistant strains and is a single dose orally administered drug, which avoids all complications of parenteral administration seen with penicillin, especially anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients.
