DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PDPSC18
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PDPSC18 is therapeutic DNA vaccine designed to fight chronic infections with the Hepatitis B virus, entering phase I clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Famciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Famciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpes virus infections, most commonly for herpes zoster (shingles). It is a prodrug form of penciclovir with improved oral bioavailability. Famciclovir is marketed under the trade name Famvir (Novartis).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute herpes zoster (shingles). Also for the treatment or suppression of recurrent genital herpes in immunocompetent patients and treatment of recurrent mucocutaneous herpes simplex infections in HIV infected patients.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Suptavumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Suptavumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ganciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An acyclovir analog that is a potent inhibitor of the Herpesvirus family including cytomegalovirus. Ganciclovir is used to treat complications from AIDS-associated cytomegalovirus infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For induction and maintenance in the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in immunocompromised patients, including patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used in the treatment of severe cytomegalovirus (CMV) disease, including CMV pneumonia, CMV gastrointestinal disease, and disseminated CMV infections, in immunocompromised patients.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Foscarnet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral agent used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis. Foscarnet also shows activity against human herpesviruses and HIV. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of CMV retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) and for treatment of acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous HSV infections in immunocompromised patients.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vidarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a variety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the vaccinia VIRUS and varicella zoster virus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chickenpox - varicella, herpes zoster and herpes simplex
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Valganciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valganciclovir hydrochloride (Valcyte, manufactured by Roche) is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus infections. As the L-valyl ester of ganciclovir, it is actually a prodrug for ganciclovir. After oral administration, it is rapidly converted to ganciclovir by intestinal and hepatic esterases.
4. Indication:  Valganciclovir is an antiviral medication used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Penciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Penciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpesvirus infections. It is a nucleoside analogue which exhibits low toxicity and good selectivity. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to treat recurrent cold sores on the lips and face from various herpesvirus invections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Stavudine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dideoxynucleoside analog that inhibits reverse transcriptase and has in vitro activity against HIV. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of human immunovirus (HIV) infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Aciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanosine analog antiviral drug that acts as an antimetabolite. Aciclovir is used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles).Aciclovir has also been investigated for the treatment of herpes labialis applied using an iontophoretic device. Currently approved drugs for the treatment of herpes labialis (cold sores) exhibit low levels of efficacy due to the limited ability of the drugs to penetrate the skin to the site where the herpes virus is replicating. Iontophoresis uses electric current to enhance the delivery of drugs through the skin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes, and chickenpox. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Zidovudine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxy group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by an azido group. This modification prevents the formation of phosphodiester linkages which are needed for the completion of nucleic acid chains. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA during reverse transcription. It improves immunologic function, partially reverses the HIV-induced neurological dysfunction, and improves certain other clinical abnormalities associated with AIDS. Its principal toxic effect is dose-dependent suppression of bone marrow, resulting in anemia and leukopenia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of human immunovirus (HIV) infections.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Zalcitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxyl group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkages, which are needed for the elongation of DNA chains, thus resulting in the termination of viral DNA growth. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication at low concentrations, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase. Its principal toxic side effect is axonal degeneration resulting in peripheral neuropathy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Human immunovirus (HIV) infections in conjunction with other antivirals.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  BTA9881
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA9881 is a respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) antiviral drug developed by the Australian company Biota Holdings. It is currently in phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory syncytial virus infections.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Emtricitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) for the treatment of HIV infection in adults. Emtricitabine is an analogue of cytidine. The drug works by inhibiting reverse transcriptase, the enzyme that copies HIV RNA into new viral DNA.
4. Indication:  Indicated, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and for postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in health care workers and others exposed occupationally or nonoccupationally via percutaneous injury or mucous membrane or nonintact skin contact with blood, tissues, or other body fluids associated with risk for transmission of the virus.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Etravirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infections resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nevirapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in combination with nucleoside analogues for treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) infection and AIDS. [PubChem] Structurally, nevirapine belongs to the dipyridodiazepinone chemical class. 
4. Indication:  For use in combination with other antiretroviral drugs in the ongoing treatment of HIV-1 infection.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Rilpivirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rilpivirine is non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) which is used for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in treatment-naive patients.[5] It is a diarylpyrimidine derivative, a class of molecules that resemble pyrimidine nucleotides found in DNA.[6] The internal conformational flexibility of rilpivirine and the plasticity of it interacting binding site gives it a very high potency and an unlikely generation of resistance compared to other NNRTI's.[7] Rilpivirine was developed by Tilbotec, Inc. and FDA approved on May 20, 2011.[10] On November 21, 2017, Rilpivirine, in combination with dolutegravir, was approved as part of the first complete treatment regimen with only two drugs for the treatment of adults with HIV-1 named Juluca.[11]
4. Indication:  Rilpivirine, in combination with other agents, is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in antiretroviral treatment-naive patients with HIV-1 RNA ≤100,000 copies/mL and CD4+ cell count >200 cells/mm3.[10] The FDA combination therapy approval of rilpivirine and dolutegravir is indicated for adults with HIV-1 infections whose virus is currently suppressed (< 50 copies/ml) on a stable regimen for at least six months, without history of treatment failure and no known substitutions associated to resistance to any of the two components of the therapy.[11]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Presatovir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Presatovir has been used in trials studying the treatment of RSV Infection, Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections, and Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ribavirin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [10]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [5]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [5]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [7]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [6]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving Daclatasvir and Sofosbuvir, Eplusa (Sofosbuvir, Velpatasvir), Harvoni (Sofosbuvir, Ledipasvir), Simeprevir and Sofosbuvir, Viekira Pak (Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, Dasabuvir), Technivie (Ritonavir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir) and Zepatier (Elbasvir, Grazoprevir). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [10]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in combination with other antiviral agents with the intent to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Typically added to improve SVR and reduce relapse rates [6].The addition of ribavirin in Technivie therapy indicated for treating HCV genotype 1a and 4 infections is recommended in patients with or without cirrhosis. Resistance: viral genetic determinants resulting in variable response to ribavirin therapy has not been yet determined. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Efavirenz
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efavirenz (brand names Sustiva® and Stocrin®) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) and is used as part of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) for the treatment of a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1.For HIV infection that has not previously been treated, efavirenz and lamivudine in combination with zidovudine or tenofovir is the preferred NNRTI-based regimen.Efavirenz is also used in combination with other antiretroviral agents as part of an expanded postexposure prophylaxis regimen to prevent HIV transmission for those exposed to materials associated with a high risk for HIV transmission.
4. Indication:  For use in combination treatment of HIV infection (AIDS)
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Daptomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Daptomycin is a lipopeptide antibiotic that kills susceptible gram positive bacteria by disrupting their membrane potential. It is a naturally-occurring compound found in the soil bacterium Streptomyces roseosporus. Antibiotics are used in the treatment of infections caused by bacteria. They work by killing bacteria or preventing their growth. Daptomycin will not work for colds, flu, or other virus infections. It was approved in September 2003 for the treatment of complicated skin and soft tissue infections. It has a safety profile similar to other agents commonly administered to treat gram-positive infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by susceptible strains of Gram-positive microorganisms.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Idoxuridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in keratoconjunctivitis and keratitis caused by herpes simplex virus.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin is obtained from pooled adult human plasma selected for high titers of antibody for Cytomegalovirus (CMV). It contains purified immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies directed against Cytomegalovirus (CMV). CMV is a virus that causes infections in humans, and diseases such as glandular fever and pneumonia. Cytomegalovirus immunoglobulin is targeted to attenuate or reduce the incidence of serious CMV disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
