DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mirabegron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic receptor agonist for the management of overactive bladder. It is an alternative to antimuscarinic drugs for this indication. FDA approved on June 28, 2012.
4. Indication:  Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic agonist indicated for the treatment of overactive bladder (OAB) with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chromic chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromic chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).
4. Indication:  For use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AZD-1305
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AZD1305 has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Atrial Flutter, Atrial Fibrillation, and Left Ventricle Function.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Aluminum chlorohydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface [1]. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an antiperspirant. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Beta carotene
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Beta (β) carotene is the most common carotenoid synthesized by microorganisms and plants, giving a deep red-orange natural pigment to various fruits and vegetables. Beta-carotene has two cyclohexene type end groups and consists of two beta rings at the end group during the enzymatic cyclization of biosynthesis. It is a provitamin A carotenoid and is available as dietary supplements. Along with other carotenoids, beta carotene has antioxidant properties that disrupts the formation of free radicals through oxidation quenching. Beta-carotene is also a scavenger of peroxyl radicals. The potential benefit of beta carotene and other carotenoids in cancer treatment have been studied yet conclusions on their therapeutic efficacy remain undetermined.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tecadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tecadenoson is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arrhythmia and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Magnesium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form.Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke supressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant.It can also be used topically as an antiperspirant underarm deodorant or for relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative depending on the administered dose.As an antacid, it is used for the temporary relief of heartburn, upset stomach, sour stomach or acid indigestion.As a laxative, it is used for the relief of occasional constipation by promoting bowel movements for 30 minutes and up to 6 hours.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly is a coordination complex that consists of of aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrate and glycine. It is an active antiperspirant agent in deodorant products. It diffuses into the sweat pores and block sweat from leaving the pores. The anhydrous form of the compound has water-absorbing properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Procainamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of procaine with less CNS action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sacubitril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacubitril is a prodrug neprilysin inhibitor used in combination with valsartan to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It was approved under the FDA's priority review process for use in heart failure on July 7, 2015.Sacubitril's active metabolite, LBQ657 inhibits neprilysin, a neutral endopeptidase that would typically cleave natiuretic peptides such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and c-type natriuretic peptide (CNP). ANP and BNP are released under atrial and ventricle stress, which activate downstream receptors leading to vasodilation, natriuresis and diuresis. Under normal conditions, neprilysin breaks down other vasodilating peptides and also vasoconstrictors such as angiotensin I and II, endothelin-1 and peptide amyloid beta-protein. Inhibition of neprilysin therefore leads to reduced breakdown and increased concentration of endogenous natriuretic peptides in addition to increased levels of vasoconstricting hormones such as angiotensin II. 
4. Indication:  Used in combination with valsartan to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It is usually administered in conjunction with other heart failure therapies, in place of an ACE inhibitor or other ARB.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nicotinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important compound functioning as a component of the coenzyme NAD. Its primary significance is in the prevention and/or cure of blacktongue and pellagra. Most animals cannot manufacture this compound in amounts sufficient to prevent nutritional deficiency and it therefore must be supplemented through dietary intake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Amuvatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amuvatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors and Small Cell Lung Carcinoma. Amuvatinib is an oral, selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Amuvatinib is a selective multi-targeted tyrosine kinase inhibitor that suppresses c-MET, c-RET and the mutant forms of c-KIT, PDGFR and FLT3. Amuvatinib also suppresses Rad51 protein, a critical component of double-stranded DNA repair in cancer cells.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Docosahexaenoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docosahexaenoate (DHA) is a long-chain, highly unsaturated omega-3 (n-3) fatty acid with 22-carbon chain and six cis double bonds. It can be synthesised from the plant essential fatty acid α-linolenic acid (ALA) or obtained from other sources such as breast milk, fish oil and algae oil. As a major structural component in human brain tissues, retina and skin, DHA plays an essential role in growth and functional development of the brain in infants as well as maintenance of normal brain function in adults [1]. DHA is available as oral dietary supplements and added in food products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  LCB01-0371
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lcb01 0371 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01554995 (A Clinical Study, Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-controlled, Single Dose Study).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in deodorant and antiperspirant products for the over-the-counter use. It is consisted of a mixture of monomeric and polymeric Zr4+ and Al3+ complexes with hydroxide, chloride and glycine. The compound forms a colloidal plug in sweat pores, preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Lidocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic and cardiac depressant used as an antiarrhythmia agent. Its actions are more intense and its effects more prolonged than those of procaine but its duration of action is shorter than that of bupivacaine or prilocaine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For production of local or regional anesthesia by infiltration techniques such as percutaneous injection and intravenous regional anesthesia by peripheral nerve block techniques such as brachial plexus and intercostal and by central neural techniques such as lumbar and caudal epidural blocks.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  1-Testosterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  1-Testosterone is an anabolic steroid that differs from testosterone by having a 1,2-double bond instead of 4,5-double bond in its A ring.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Flecainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A potent anti-arrhythmia agent, effective in a wide range of ventricular and atrial arrhythmias and tachycardias. Paradoxically, however, in myocardial infarct patients with either symptomatic or asymptomatic arrhythmia, flecainide exacerbates the arrhythmia and is not recommended for use in these patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Flecainide is is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent and as such, it is used for the prevention of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias (PSVT), including atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia, atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia and other supraventricular tachycardias of unspecified mechanism associated with disablin.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Amfecloral
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amfecloral (INN), also known as amphecloral (USAN), is a stimulant drug of the phenethylamine and amphetamine chemical classes that was used as an appetite suppressant under the trade name Acutran, but is now no longer marketed. It acts as a prodrug which splits to form amphetamine and chloral hydrate, similarly to clobenzorex and related compounds, except that the N-substituent in this case yields a compound that is active in its own right. The chloral hydrate metabolite is a gabaminergic sedative/hypnotic, and would in theory counteract some of the stimulant effects of the amphetamine metabolite. This would produce an effect similar to the amphetamine/barbiturate combinations previously used in psychiatric medications. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used as an appetite suppressant.
