DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Basmisanil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Basmisanil has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Down Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tetanus Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetanus Immune Globulin is manufactured from human plasma [FDA Label]. It contains antibodies against tetanus toxoid and is primarily used as prophylaxis against tetanus in wounded patients.
4. Indication:  For use as prophylaxis against tetanus in patients who are injured and have incomplete of uncertain immunization statu [FDA Label]. May also be used in the treatment of active tetanus.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  LJP 1082
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, strokes, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nandrolone decanoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory deficient red cell production anemias, breast carcinoma, hereditary angioedema, antithrombin III deficiency, fibrinogen excess, growth failure and Turner's syndrome. It is also indicated in the prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fesoterodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic prodrug for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder (with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, or urge incontinence).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nandrolone phenpropionate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  C18 steroid with androgenic and anabolic properties. It is generally prepared from alkyl ethers of estradiol to resemble testosterone but less one carbon at the 19 position. It is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory deficient red cell production anemias, breast carcinoma, hereditary angioedema, antithrombin III deficiency, fibrinogen excess, growth failure and Turner's syndrome. It is also indicated in the prophylaxis of hereditary angioedema.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Desipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use). 
4. Indication:  For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nortriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the N-demethylated active metabolite of amitriptyline, is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, nortriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, nortriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Compared to other TCAs, nortriptyline is less toxic and displays less drug interactions [6]. As a more selective noadrenaline reuptake inhibitor, nortriptyline is less likely associated with the hypertensive ‘cheese reaction' [6]. Nortriptyline exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Apart from its indication to treat depression, nortriptyline has been investigated in chronic neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), fibromyalgia [4], irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use) [5], post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Primarily indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Soybean oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Derived from soybeans, soybean oil is a common vegetable oil and a source of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids. It is a complex mixture of triglycerides where per 100 g, soybean oil has 16 g of saturated fat, 23 g of monounsaturated fat, and 58 g of polyunsaturated fat. The major component fatty acids are linoleic (48% - 58%), oleic (17% - 30%), palmitic (9% -13%), linolenic (4% - 11%), and stearic (2.5% - 5.0%). It is used as a cooking oil and lipid emulsion for parenteral nutrition in clinical settings. Soybean oil-based lipid emulsion is the only FDA-approved lipid formulation for clinical use.
4. Indication:  Indicated for parenteral nutrition as a source of calories and essential fatty acids when oral or enteral nutrition is not possible, insufficient, or contraindicated. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  MEM 1414
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MEM 1414 is a PDE4 inhibitor that is being evaluated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. This drug candidate has completed Phase 1 clinical trials. MEM 1414 works by blocking phosphodiesterase, an enzyme that breaks down an important brain chemical, cyclic AMP. It appears to work in the area of the brain where new memories are formed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, depression, memory loss, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  TAS-102
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAS-102 (Taiho Pharma USA, Inc.) is an anti-cancer drug under development and in stage 3 clinical trials for the treatment of colorectal cancer. It is composed of the thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor (TPI) tipiracil and the cytotoxin trifluridine. Trifluridine inhibits tumor growth by being incorporated into DNA during DNA synthesis. Tipiracil prevents trifluridine from being broken down when taken orally. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Donepezil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Donepezil (Aricept), is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease process advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. Donepezil has been tested in other cognitive disorders including Lewy body dementia and Vascular dementia, but it is not currently approved for these indications. Donepezil has also been studied in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, schizophrenia, attention deficit disorder, post-coronary bypass cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment associated with multiple sclerosis, and Down syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Clobetasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clobetasone is a corticosteroid used in dermatology, for treating such skin inflammation as seen in eczema, psoriasis and other forms of dermatitis, and ophthalmology. Topical clobetasone butyrate has shown minimal suppression of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  In dermatology, topical clobestasone butyrate helps to reduce the itchiness and erythema associated with eczema and dermatitis.In ophthalmology, clobetasone butyrate 0.1% eye drops have been shown to be safe and effective in the treatment of dry eyes in Sjögren's Syndrome.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Testosterone cypionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[6] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.
4. Indication:  Testosterone cypionate is used in males that present conditions derived from a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. These conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as the testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; and 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism characterized by idiopathic gonadotropin, LHRH deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation.[7]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  MLN0415
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN0415 is a novel, small molecule IKK2 inhibitor, discovered by Millennium scientists. In preclinical studies, MLN0415 was shown to decrease NF-kB activation and down-regulate the expression of a number of inflammatory proteins. Because inflammatory proteins play a critical role in inflammation and drive the inflammatory response to disease, controlling these proteins may prevent or slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Venetoclax
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Venetoclax is an oral selective inhibitor of B-Cell Lymphoma-2 (BCL-2), an antiapoptotic protein that plays a key role in the development of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells. BCL-2 and its related proteins BCL-XL and MCL-1 bind to and sequester pro-apoptotic signals in the cell, causing a down-regulation of apoptosis. As an oncogene and an important regulator of apoptosis, BCL-2 overexpression therefore results in increased tumour cell survival and resistance to chemotherapy. Venetoclax helps restore the process of apoptosis by binding directly to the BCL-2 protein, displacing pro-apoptotic proteins like BIM, triggering mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization and the activation of caspases. Compared to navitoclax, a duel inhibitor of BCL-2 and BCL-XL, venetoclax use results in significantly less platelet killing and thrombocytopenia. This is due to its specificity for BCL-2 and sparing of BCL-XL, which is required for platelet survival. In 2015, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to venetoclax for patients with CLL who have relapsed or have been refractory to previous treatment and have the 17p deletion genetic mutation. It was approved by the FDA in April 2016.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion, as detected by an FDA approved test, who have received at least one prior therapy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Desvenlafaxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desvenlafaxine (O-desmethylvenlafaxine) the major active metabolite of venlafaxine, is an antidepressant from the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI class). Desvenlafaxine may be used to treat major depressive disorder and is being studied for use in the management of vasomotor symptoms in postmenopausal women. It is formulated as an extended release tablet. FDA approved in 2008. 
4. Indication:  Desvenlafaxine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  RP101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP101 is targeted at preventing tumor cells from developing resistance to chemotherapy, one of the most challenging areas facing oncologists. RP101 would be used as a co-treatment with cytostatic drugs to give a broader range of chemotherapy treatment options, thereby extending survival periods and improving quality of life for the cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), chemotherapy, and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
