DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nafamostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nafamostat is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor that is commonly formulated with hydrochloric acid due to its basic properties. It has been used in trials studying the prevention of Liver Transplantation and Postreperfusion Syndrome. The use of nafamostat in Asian countries is approved as an anticoagulant therapy for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy due to acute kidney injury.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant in patients with disseminative blood vessel coagulation, hemorrhagic lesions, and hemorrhagic tendencies. It prevents blood clot formation during extracorporeal circulation in patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy and extra corporeal membrane oxygenation. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ixazomib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixazomib a second generation proteasome inhibitor (PI) and the first oral PI approved by the FDA in November 2015 for multiple myeloma treatment in combination with 2 other therapies (lenalidomide and dexamethasone) for patients who have received at least 1 prior therapy. It was found to have similar efficacy to bortezomib (the first PI approved for multiple myeloma therapy) in the control of myeloma growth and prevention of bone loss. Ixazomib citrate is marketed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Ninlaro, which is a prodrug that becomes quickly converted to its active metabolite, ixazomib, after administration.
4. Indication:  Ixazomib is indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Etifoxine
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Etifoxine is an anxiolytic and anticonvulsant drug developed by Hoechst in the 1960s. It is used in anxiety disorders and to promote peripheral nerve healing. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and does not bind to the benzodiazepine receptor. It is more effective than lorazepam as an anxiolytic, and has fewer side effects. Etifoxine has been associated with acute liver injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acetylcysteine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcysteine (also known as N-acetylcysteine or N-acetyl-L-cysteine or NAC) is primarily used as a mucolytic agent and in the management of acetaminophen poisoning. It is a derivative of cysteine with an acetyl group attached to the amino group of cysteine. NAC is essentially a prodrug that is converted to cysteine (in the intestine by the enzyme aminoacylase 1) and absorbed in the intestine into the blood stream. Cysteine is a key constituent to glutathione and hence administration of acetylcysteine replenishes glutathione stores. Acetylcysteine can also be used as a general antioxidant which can help mitigate symptoms for a variety of diseases exacerbated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). For instance, acetylcysteine is commonly used in individuals with renal impairment to prevent the precipitation of acute renal failure. Acetylcysteine has been shown to have efficacy in treating mild to moderate traumatic brain injury including ischemic brain injury, particularly in reducing neuronal losses, and also reducing cognitive and neurological symptoms when administered promptly after injury. N-acetylcysteine is now widely used in the treatment of HIV, and it has reported efficacy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and contrast-induced nephropathy. Acetylcysteine is also being successfully used to treat a variety of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders including cocaine, cannabis, and smoking addictions, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, autism, compulsive and grooming disorders, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Recent data also shows that N-acetylcysteine inhibits muscle fatigue and can be used to enhance performance in endurance events and in exercise and endurance training.Acetylcysteine is also undergoing clinical trials as RK-0202, an oral rinse for the prevention and treatment of mucositis. It is comprised of acetylcysteine in a polymer matrix.
4. Indication:  Acetylcysteine is used mainly as a mucolytic and in the management of paracetamol (acetaminophen) overdose.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  VP025
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Efonidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efonidipine (INN) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker marketed by Shionogi & Co. of Japan. It was launched in 1995, under the brand name Landel. The drug blocks both T-type and L-type calcium channels [1, 2]. It has also been studied in atherosclerosis and acute renal failure [2]. This drug is also known as NZ-105, and several studies have been done on its pharmacokinetics in animals [13].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tiaprofenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tiaprofenic acid is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug of the arylpropionic acid (profen) class, used to treat pain, especially arthritic pain.
4. Indication:  Tiaprofenic acid is used to treat pain, especially arthritic pain.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Myrrh
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Extractives and their physically modified derivatives such as tinctures, concretes, absolutes, essential oils, oleoresins, terpenes, terpene-free fractions, distillates, residues, obtained from Commiphora abyssinica, Burseraceae.
4. Indication:  FDA approved only for use in food. Historically used for indigestion, ulcers, colds, cough, asthma, bronchial congestion, arthritic pain, cancer, leprosy, and syphilis. It is also used orally as a stimulant, antispasmodic, and to increase menstrual flow. Topically, myrrh is used for mild inflammation of the oral and pharyngeal mucosa, aphthous ulcers, gingivitis, chapped lips, hemorrhoids, bedsores, wounds, abrasions, furunculosis, bad breath, and loose teeth. In foods and beverages, myrrh is used as a flavoring component. In manufacturing, myrrh is used as a fragrance and fixative in cosmetics. It is also used in embalming and as incense. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nefazodone
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nefazodone hydrochloride (trade name Serzone) is an antidepressant drug marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Its sale was discontinued in 2003 in some countries, due to the small possibility of hepatic (liver) injury, which could lead to the need for a liver transplant, or even death. The incidence of severe liver damage is approximately 1 in 250,000 to 300,000 patient-years. On May 20, 2004, Bristol-Myers Squibb discontinued the sale of Serzone in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Eslicarbazepine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an anticonvulsant medication approved for use in Europe, the United States and Canada as an adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine, the primary active metabolite in the body. Eslicarbazepine's mechanism of action is not well understood, but it is known that it does exert anticonvulsant activity by inhibiting repeated neuronal firing and stabilizing the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels, thus preventing their return to the activated state during which seizure activity can occur.Eslicarbazepine acetate is marketed as Aptiom in North America and Zebinix or Exalief in Europe. It is available in 200, 400, 600, or 800mg tablets that are taken once daily, with or without food. Eslicarbazepine acetate is associated with numerous side effects including dizziness, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, aphasia, lack of concentration, psychomotor retardation, speech disturbances, ataxia, depression and hyponatremia. It is recommended that patients taking eslicarbazepine acetate be monitored for suicidality.
4. Indication:  Eslicarbazepine acetate is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy in epileptic patients. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium sulfide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium sulfide is a chemical compound with a chemical formula Na2S. Sodium sulfide is used in the pulp and paper industry, water treatment, textile industry, and various chemical manufacturing processes including the production of rubber chemicals, sulfur dyes and oil recovery. Along with its hydrate form, sodium sulfide releases hydrogen sulfide (H2S) when in contact with moist air. H2S is an endogenous gaseous transmitter that exhibits anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic properties. Along with other sulfides, the anti-inflammatory and tissue-protective effects of sodium sulfide have been investigated in models of inflammation and oxidative stress. Interestingly, sodium sulfide was shown to have some cardioprotective role against cardiac ischemia or reperfusion injury, as well as protect lungs against ventilator-induced lung injury [1]. However the clinical significance and mechanism of action of sodium sulfide and replication of results across other studies are not yet fully determined.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Atl146e
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL146e is an anti-inflammatory compounds which is an agonist of A2A adenosine receptors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Remestemcel-L
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Remestemcel-L is a third-party, off-the-shelf suspension of ex-vivo cultured adult human mesenchymal stem cells intended for intravenous infusion. The mesenchymal stem cells are derived from the bone marrow of unrelated and human leukocyte antigen (HLA)–unmatched healthy adult donors and have the ability to differentiate into different tissue cells. It was approved for use in Canada in May 2012 as Prochymal for the management of refractory acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in children who are unresponsive to systemic steroid therapies, with the approval conditional upon further trials being conducted.aGvHD is a T-cell mediated disease that occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant and is a reaction of donor immune cells against host tissues [A31822] developed by 30-80% of the recipients [1]. aGvHD is often characterized by the presence of inflammatory cascades through signalling of activated T cells. While systemic corticosteroids and other immunosuppressive agents are commonly used as first-line treatments to manage aGvHD, about 30-50% of patients with aGvHD experience inadequately control of disease with first-line therapies, putting them in a risk for poor outcomes and creating a significant clinical challenge [1]. It is estimated that the patients with the most severe forms of refractory aGvHD that do not respond to steroid therapy have expected one-year survival rates of only 5% to 30% [6]. Human mesenchymal stem cells (hMSCs) serve to down-regulate inflammatory responses and produce anti-inflammatory cytokines and growth factors to promote tissue repair [1]. In clinical studies, patients treated with remestemcel-L demonstrated an improvement in their aGvHD and improved survival rates at subsequent days following intravenous infusion [6]. Based on its tolerability and safety profile, remestemcel-L is a promising alternative to second-line immunosuppressive agents [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for in the management of acute Graft versus Host Disease (aGvHD) in pediatric patients. Acute GvHD should be refractory to treatment with systemic corticosteroid therapy and/or other immunosuppressive agents. Remestemcel-L may be used for Grades C and D of the disease in any organ. Remestemcel-L may also be used in the management of Grade B aGvHD involving any visceral organ, including the GI tract and the liver, but excluding skin [6].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pyrazinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrazine that is used therapeutically as an antitubercular agent.
4. Indication:  For the initial treatment of active tuberculosis in adults and children when combined with other antituberculous agents.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Loxoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loxoprofen (INN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives group, which also includes ibuprofen and naproxen, among others. It is marketed in Brazil, Mexico and Japan by Sankyo as its sodium salt, loxoprofen sodium, under the trade name Loxonin, Argentina as Oxeno and in India as Loxomac. It is available in these countries for oral administration, and a transdermal preparation was approved for sale in Japan in January 2006.
4. Indication:  Loxoprofen is non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (NSAID) indicated for pain and inflammation related to musculoskeletal and joint disorders [3]. In addition to its effects on pain, it is an antipyretic and anti-inflammatory medication [4].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Emricasan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emricasan is the first caspase inhibitor tested in human which has received orphan drug status by FDA. It is developed by Pfizer and made in such a way that it protects liver cells from excessive apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C), liver disease, and transplantation (organ or tissue).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Glycine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-essential amino acid. It is found primarily in gelatin and silk fibroin and used therapeutically as a nutrient. It is also a fast inhibitory neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Supplemental glycine may have antispastic activity. Very early findings suggest it may also have antipsychotic activity as well as antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Spiramycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spiramycin is a macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against gram-positive organisms, including Streptococcus pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), S. viridans, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide. It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens. As a preparation for oral administration it has been used since 1955, in 1987 also the parenteral form was introduced into practice.The antibacterial spectrum comprises Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium species. Enterobacteria, pseudomonads and pathogenic moulds are resistant. Its action is mainly bacteriostatic, on highly sensitive strains it exerts a bactericide action.
4. Indication:  Macrolide antibiotic for treatment of various infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prezatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Prezatide is a tripeptide consisting of glycine, histidine, and lysine which readily forms a complex with copper ions [6]. Prezatide is used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair. It is known to aid wound healing and its potential applications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and metastatic colon cancer are currently being investigated.
4. Indication:  Commonly used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair [6].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  MBO7133
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MB07133 is a HepDirect prodrug of an activated form of cytarabine (araC), an anti-cancer drug that is used to treat leukemia but is ineffective against primary liver cancer. AraC's anti-cancer activity is associated with its ability to be converted to its biologically active form, araCTP. However, araC is only slowly converted to araCTP in the liver or in primary liver tumors due to low levels of an enzyme in the liver that is required for the conversion of araC to araCMP, the first step in the activation pathway of the drug. Higher doses of araC cannot be used to overcome this limitation due to bone marrow toxicity resulting from rapid activation in that tissue. MB07133 uses our HepDirect technology to target a prodrug form of araCMP specifically to the liver. Once in the liver cell, the prodrug is rapidly cleaved, producing araCMP, bypassing the rate-limiting enzyme. Once generated in the target tissue, araCMP is rapidly converted to araCTP, the cancer-killing active form. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Emtricitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) for the treatment of HIV infection in adults. Emtricitabine is an analogue of cytidine. The drug works by inhibiting reverse transcriptase, the enzyme that copies HIV RNA into new viral DNA.
4. Indication:  Indicated, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and for postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in health care workers and others exposed occupationally or nonoccupationally via percutaneous injury or mucous membrane or nonintact skin contact with blood, tissues, or other body fluids associated with risk for transmission of the virus.
