DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gefarnate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gefarnate has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Stomach Ulcer, Duodenal Ulcer, and Cardio-cerebrovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sucralfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A basic aluminum complex of sulfated sucrose. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment (up to 8 weeks) of active duodenal ulcer, as well as maintenance therapy for duodenal ulcer patients at reduced dosage (1 gram twice a day) after healing of acute ulcers. Also used for the short-term treatment of gastric ulcer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  HZT-501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HZT-501 is under investigation by Horizon Therapeutics, Inc., a privately held biopharmaceutical company. It has entered Phase 3 clinical trials in March 2007 for reduction of the risk of development of ibuprofen-associated upper gastrointestinal (i.e., gastric and/or duodenal) ulcers. HZT-501 is a combination product including ibuprofen and the acid reducing agent famotidine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Homatropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist belonging to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.
4. Indication:  Used in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcers, gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pirenzepine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodenal ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as cimetidine and ranitidine. It is generally well tolerated by patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric ulcer, and duodenal ulcer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Roxatidine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Roxatidine acetate is a specific and competitive H2 receptor antagonist. It is currently approved in South Africa under the tradename Roxit.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of disorders of the upper gastro-intestinal region that are due to an excess of hydrochloric acid in the gastric juice, i.e. duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers. Also for prophylaxis of recurrent gastric and duodenal ulcers
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ticalopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and gastroparesis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Aminaphthone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sincalide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sincalide is a cholecystokinetic drug administered by injection to aid in diagnosing disorders of the gallbladder and pancreas. It is the 8-amino acid C-terminal fragment of cholecystokinin, also known as CCK-8. Endogenous cholecystokinin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone responsible for stimulating the digestion of fat and protein. When injected intravenously, sincalide produces a substantial reduction in gallbladder size by causing this organ to contract. The evacuation of bile that results is similar to that which occurs physiologically in response to endogenous cholecystokinin. Furthermore, sincalide stimulates pancreatic secretion of bicarbonate and enzymes.As the product Kinevac (FDA), sincalide is used for the following indications: 1) to stimulate gallbladder contraction, as may be assessed by various methods of diagnostic imaging, or to obtain by duodenal aspiration a sample of concentrated bile for analysis of cholesterol, bile salts, phospholipids, and crystals; (2) to stimulate pancreatic secretion (especially in conjunction with secretin) prior to obtaining a duodenal aspirate for analysis of enzyme activity, composition, and cytology; (3) to accelerate the transit of a barium meal through the small bowel, thereby decreasing the time and extent of radiation associated with fluoroscopy and x-ray examination of the intestinal tract.
4. Indication:  As the product Kinevac (FDA), sincalide is used for the following indications: 1) to stimulate gallbladder contraction, as may be assessed by various methods of diagnostic imaging, or to obtain by duodenal aspiration a sample of concentrated bile for analysis of cholesterol, bile salts, phospholipids, and crystals; (2) to stimulate pancreatic secretion (especially in conjunction with secretin) prior to obtaining a duodenal aspirate for analysis of enzyme activity, composition, and cytology; (3) to accelerate the transit of a barium meal through the small bowel, thereby decreasing the time and extent of radiation associated with fluoroscopy and x-ray examination of the intestinal tract.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nizatidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H2 receptor antagonist with low toxicity that inhibits gastric acid secretion. The drug is used for the treatment of duodenal ulcers. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, active benign gastric ulcer, and active duodenal ulcer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ethoxzolamide
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used as diuretic and in glaucoma. It may cause hypokalemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of duodenal ulcers, as a diuretic, and in the treatment of glaucoma, and may also be useful in the treatment of seizures associated with epilepsy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bisoxatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [1]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of constipation in the absence of bowel obstruction and for surgical preparation of the colon [1].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Magaldrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Magaldrate is an antacid drug used for the treatment of esophagitis, duodenal and gastric ulcers, and gastroesophageal reflux. Magaldrate has been discontinued in the US market.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Piperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste.Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful.Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.
4. Indication:  Used as alternative treatment for ascariasis caused by Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm) and enterobiasis (oxyuriasis) caused by Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm). It is also used to treat partial intestinal obstruction by the common roundworm, a condition primarily occurring in children.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Oxyphenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of atropine. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of visceral spasms
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Umeclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the long-term, once-daily, maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bethanechol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bethanechol is a synthetic ester structurally and pharmacologically related to acetylcholine. A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, bethanechol is generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the GI tract following abdominal surgery or in urinary retention in the absence of obstruction. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute postoperative and postpartum nonobstructive (functional) urinary retention and for neurogenic atony of the urinary bladder with retention.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prucalopride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prucalopride (brand name Resolor, developed by Johnson & Johnson and licensed to Movetis) is a drug acting as a selective, high affinity 5-HT4 receptor agonist which targets the impaired motility associated with chronic constipation, thus normalising bowel movements. Prucalopride was approved for use in Europe in 2009 and in Canada (named Resotran) on December 7, 2011 but it has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States. The drug has also been tested for the treatment of chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, ileus, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cholestyramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholestyramine or colestyramine is a bile acid sequestrant. Bile acid sequestrants are polymeric compounds which serve as ion exchange resins. Cholestyramine resin is quite hydrophilic, but insoluble in water.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated serum cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (elevated low density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol) who do not respond adequately to diet. Also for the relief of pruritus associated with partial biliary obstruction.
