DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ketoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketoprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. 
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, primary dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain associated with musculotendinous trauma (sprains and strains), postoperative (including dental surgery) or postpartum pain.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Valdecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Valdecoxib was removed from the Canadian, U.S., and E.U. markets in 2005 due to concerns about possible increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteoarthritis and dysmenorrhoea
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rofecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Rofecoxib is used for the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain in adults, and primary dysmenorrhea, as well as acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without auras. Rofecoxib is a solid. This compound belongs to the stilbenes. These are organic compounds containing a 1,2-diphenylethylene moiety. Stilbenes (C6-C2-C6 ) are derived from the common phenylpropene (C6-C3) skeleton building block. The introduction of one or more hydroxyl groups to a phenyl ring lead to stilbenoids. Rofecoxib has a half-life of 17 hours and its mean oral bioavailability at therapeutically recommended doses of 125, 25, and 50 mg is approximately 93%. The proteins that rofecoxib target include elastin and prostaglandin G/H synthase 2. Cytochrome P450 1A2, Cytochrome P450 3A4, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2C8, and Prostaglandin G/H synthase 1 are known to metabolize rofecoxib. On September 30, 2004, Merck voluntarily withdrew rofecoxib from the market because of concerns about increased risk of heart attack and stroke associated with long-term, high-dosage use.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain in adults, and primary dysmenorrhea, as well as acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without auras.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Alverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant. Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus. Alverine acts directly on the muscle in the gut, causing it to relax. This prevents the muscle spasms which occur in the gut in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and diverticular disease. It is used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine is formulated as the citrate salt (5982-87-6).
4. Indication:  Used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine citrate is also under investigation to increase the cytotoxic effects of the proteasome inhibitor MG132 on breast cancer cells. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Mefenamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and antipyretic properties. It is an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, dysmenorrhea, and mild to moderate pain, inflammation, and fever.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Naproxen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Clonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonidine, an imidazoline-derivative hypotensive agent is a centrally-acting α2-adrenergic agonist. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts in the hypothalamus to induce a decrease in blood pressure. It may also be administered as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone. Clonidine may be used for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients. Other uses for clonidine include prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clonidine also exhibits some peripheral activity. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Piroxicam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cyclooxygenase inhibiting, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) that is well established in treating rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis and used for musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and postoperative pain. Its long half-life enables it to be administered once daily. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Oxaprozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxaprozin is a non-narcotic, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), used to relieve the inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain associated with osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve the inflammation, swelling, stiffness, and joint pain associated with rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Meloxicam
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Meloxicam is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to relieve the symptoms of arthritis, primary dysmenorrhea, fever; and as an analgesic, especially where there is an inflammatory component. It is closely related to piroxicam. In Europe it is marketed under the brand names Movalis, Melox, and Recoxa. In North America it is generally marketed under the brand name Mobic. In Latin America, the drug is marketed as Tenaron. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of arthritis and osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Meclofenamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with antipyretic and antigranulation activities. It also inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain, for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea and for the treatment of idiopathic heavy menstrual blood loss. Also for relief of the signs and symptoms of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Diclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic actions. It is primarily available as the sodium salt. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates. 
