DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Regorafenib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Regorafenib is an orally-administered inhibitor of multiple kinases. It is used for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumours. FDA approved on September 27, 2012. Approved use of Regorafenib was expanded to treat Hepatocellular Carcinoma in April, 2017.
4. Indication:  Regorafenib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC) who have been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, an anti-VEGF therapy, and, if KRAS wild type, an anti-EGFR therapy. Regorafenib is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who have been previously treated with imatinib mesylate and sunitinib malate.
