DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tezosentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tezosentan is an intravenous endothelin receptor A/B antagonist. It acts as a vasodilator and was designed as a therapy for patients with acute heart failure. Recent studies have shown however, that tezosentan does not improve dyspnea or reduce the risk of fatal or nonfatal cardiovascular events.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, liver disease, and heart disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Leuprolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Leuprolide belongs to the general class of drugs known as hormones or hormone antagonists. It is a synthetic 9 residue peptide analog of gonadotropin releasing hormone. Leuprolide is used to treat advanced prostate cancer. It is also used to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis. Leuprolide is also under investigation for possible use in the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ethiodized oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ethiodized oil is used by injection as a radio-opaque contrast agent. It is composed of iodine combined with ethyl esters of fatty acids of poppyseed oil, primarily as ethyl monoiodostearate and ethyl diiodostearate. The precise structure is not known.
4. Indication:  For use as a radio-opaque medium for hysterosalpingography and lymphography, and as an antineoplastic agent when part of the iodine is 131-I. It is also used in follow-up imaging for chemoembolization.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Protamine sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protamine sulfate is a drug that reverses the anticoagulant effects of heparin by binding to it. It was originally isolated from the sperm of salmon and other species of fish but is now produced primarily through recombinant biotechnology.Protamine sulfate was approved for medical use in the United States in 1969. Protamine sulfate (protamine (protamines) s) occurs as fine white or off-white amorphous or crystalline powder. It is sparingly soluble in water. The pH is between 6 and 7. The cationic hydrogenated protamine at a pH of 6.8 to 7.1 reacts with anionic heparin at a pH of 5.0 to 7.5 to form an inactive complex.
4. Indication:  Protamine sulfate is usually administered to reverse the large dose of heparin administered during certain surgeries, especially heart surgery. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ergoloid mesylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ergoloid mesylate is a dihydrogenated ergot (Claviceps purpurea) derivative alkaloid used as a vasodilator agent. Ergoloid Mesylate is the only vasodilator that has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. Ergoloid Mesylate is a mixture of three different ergotamantriones: dihydroergocornine, dihydroergocristine, and dihydroergocryptine. It has been proposed to be a neuroprotective agent. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not clear.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct therapy for patients with dementia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Golotimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SCV-07 (g -D-glutamyl-L-tryptophan) is a novel synthetic dipeptide that acts broadly on the Toll-like receptor pathway. It has been shown to stimulate T-lymphocyte differentiation, macrocytic phagocytosis, and specific immune responses, and enhance IL-2 and INF-g production. Due to this preferential activation of Th1 cytokine production, SCV-07 may show utility in treatment of tuberculosis. It can be administered orally or subcutaneously. In independent studies, treatment of tuberculosis with SCV-07 improved clearance of mycobacteria, improved cavity healing, improvements in immune parameters and reduced symptoms (fever, weakness, sweating, dry cough, productive cough, dyspnea, chest pain, tachycardia) without any adverse local or general effects. SCV-07 has shown efficacy in treating various viral and bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C), infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), and tuberculosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nafamostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nafamostat is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor that is commonly formulated with hydrochloric acid due to its basic properties. It has been used in trials studying the prevention of Liver Transplantation and Postreperfusion Syndrome. The use of nafamostat in Asian countries is approved as an anticoagulant therapy for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy due to acute kidney injury.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant in patients with disseminative blood vessel coagulation, hemorrhagic lesions, and hemorrhagic tendencies. It prevents blood clot formation during extracorporeal circulation in patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy and extra corporeal membrane oxygenation. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi (commonly sestamibi) is a pharmaceutical agent used in nuclear medicine imaging. The drug is a coordination complex consisting of the radioisotope technetium-99m bound to six (sesta=6) methoxyisobutylisonitrile (MIBI) ligands. Following intravenous injection of the drug, Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi is taken up by the myocardium, parathyroid, and/or breast tissue. The mechanism by which sestamibi localizes to these tissues has not been established. Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is then performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.Currently available within a preparation kit for injection, Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Oxaliplatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxaliplatin is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug in the same family as cisplatin and carboplatin. It is typically administered in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin in a combination known as Folfox for the treatment of colorectal cancer. Compared to cisplatin the two amine groups are replaced by cyclohexyldiamine for improved antitumour activity. The chlorine ligands are replaced by the oxalato bidentate derived from oxalic acid in order to improve water solubility. Oxaliplatin is marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the trademark Eloxatin®.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with infusional 5-FU/LV, is indicated for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the colon or rectum and for adjuvant treatment of stage III colon cancer patients who have undergone complete resection of the primary tumor. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Olaparib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.Indicated as monotherapy in patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA mutated (as detected by an FDA-approved test) advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.Indicated for the treatment of patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer, who have been previously treated with chemotherapy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dihydrocodeine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Dihydrocodeine is an opioid analgesic used as an alternative or adjunct to codeine to treat moderate to severe pain, severe dyspnea, and cough. It is semi-synthetic, and was developed in Germany in 1908 during an international search to find a more effective antitussive agent to help reduce the spread of airborne infectious diseases such as tuburculosis. It was marketed in 1911. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Dihydrocodeine is used for the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including post-operative and dental pain [2]. It can also be used to treat chronic pain [1], breathlessness and coughing. In heroin addicts, dihydrocodeine has been used as a substitute drug, in doses up to 2500mg/day to treat addiction. [http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2014322/]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dornase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human deoxyribunuclease I (DNase I) enzyme. It is produced in genetically modified Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using recombinant DNA technology. The 260-amino acid sequence of dornase alfa is identical to the endogenous human enzyme. Dornase alfa cleaves extracellular DNA to 5´-phosphodinucleotide and 5´-phosphooligonucleotide end products without affecting intracellular DNA. In individuals with cystic fibrosis, extracellular DNA, which is an extremely viscous anion, is released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate during inflammatory responses to infections. Enzymatic breakdown of this extracellular DNA appears to reduce sputum viscosity and viscoelasticity.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pomalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pomalidomide, an analogue of thalidomide, is an immunomodulatory antineoplastic agent. FDA approved on February 8, 2013.
4. Indication:  Pomalidomide is indicated for patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least two prior therapies including lenalidomide and bortezomib and have demonstrated disease progression on or within 60 days of completion of the last therapy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dyphylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A theophylline derivative with broncho- and vasodilator properties. It is used in the treatment of asthma, cardiac dyspnea, and bronchitis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of acute bronchial asthma and for reversible bronchospasm associated with chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Regadenoson
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Regadenoson is an A2A adenosine receptor agonist that causes coronary vasodilation and used for myocardial perfusion imagining. Manufactured by Astellas and FDA approved April 10, 2008. 
4. Indication:  Diagnostic agent for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in Mantoux Test used to detect infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
