DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carbamide peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [1]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [6]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dental bleaching agent. Indicated as an oral wound healing agent in oral mucosal injuries.Indicated as an aid in the removal of hardened ear wax.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Antipyrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analgesic and antipyretic that has been given by mouth and as ear drops. Antipyrine is often used in testing the effects of other drugs or diseases on drug-metabolizing enzymes in the liver. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p29)
4. Indication:  Antipyrine is an analgesic often used to test effects of other drugs on liver enzymes..
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Gramicidin D
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids. The peptides assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. The helix itself is not long enough to span the membrane but it dimerizes to form the elongated channel needed to span the whole membrane. Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is one of the three constituents of consumer antibiotic polysporin ophthalmic solution.
4. Indication:  For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dimenhydrinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine, Gravol and Vertirosan) is an over-the-counter drug used to prevent motion sickness. It is closely related to diphenhydramine HCl, or Benadryl. It is primarily a H1-antagonist, but also possesses an antimuscarinic effect.
4. Indication:  Used for treating vertigo, motion sickness, and nausea associated with pregnancy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  1,2-dichlorobenzene
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  1,2-Dichlorobenzene, or orthodichlorobenzene (ODCB), is an organic compound with the formula C6H4Cl2. This colourless liquid is poorly soluble in water but miscible with most organic solvents. It is a derivative of benzene, consisting of two adjacent chlorine centers. It is mainly used as a precursor chemical in the synthesis of agrochemicals, as a preferred solvent for dissolving and working with fullerenes, as an insecticide, and in softening and removing carbon-based contamination on metal surfaces. It is also an ingredient in the OTC product CERUMOL, used to remove ear wax.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Thonzonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thonzonium is a monocationic surface-active agent with surfactant and detergent properties. It is widely used as an additive to in ear and nasal drops to enhance dispersion and penetration of cellular debris and exudate, thereby promoting tissue contact of the administered medication. A common pharmaceutical formulation of thonzonium bromide is cortisporin-TC ear drops. It is also reported that thonzonium also confers an antifungal property and antiresorptive effect on bone.
4. Indication:  Used as a monocationic surfactant and detergent to help penetration of active ingredients through cellular debris for its antibacterial action.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  PDE4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Merck has developed a selective PDE4 inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whereas the potential therapeutic utility of PDE4 inhibition has been demonstrated in various preclinical animal models (e.g., in rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis), clinical evaluation has been restricted by dose-limiting side effects, mainly nausea and emesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  KB002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB002 is an engineered human IgG1k antibody engineered human. It is developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, initially rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  AVI-4020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Namilumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Namilumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Plaque Psoriasis and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
