DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Paroxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paroxetine hydrochloride and paroxetine mesylate belong to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ⍺- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects). Side effects generally occur during the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Paroxetine hydrochloride and mesylate are considered therapeutic alternatives rather than generic equivalents by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA); both agents contain the same active moiety (i.e. paroxetine), but are formulated as different salt forms. Clinical studies establishing the efficacy of paroxetine in various conditions were performed using paroxetine hydrochloride. Since both agents contain the same active moiety, the clinical efficacy of both agents is thought to be similar. Paroxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Paroxetine has the most evidence supporting its use for anxiety-related disorders of the SSRIs. It has the greatest anticholinergic activity of the agents in this class and compared to other SSRIs, paroxetine may cause greater weight gain, sexual dysfunction, sedation and constipation.
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Citalopram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). In spite of structural differences between compounds in this class, the SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be indicated before a clinical effect is noticed. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake in the neurons. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute usage, SSRIs inhibit serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The general clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction, and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. Off-label indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Samidorphan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Samidorphan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Schizophrenia, Alcohol Dependence, and Binge Eating Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dasotraline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Phosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.
4. Indication:  Phosphoric acid is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  prGCD
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GCD represents the combination treatment of gemcitabine, carboplatin, and dexamethasone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Diethylpropion
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A appetite depressant considered to produce less central nervous system disturbance than most drugs in this therapeutic category. It is also considered to be among the safest for patients with hypertension. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p2290)
4. Indication:  Used in the management of exogenous obesity as a short-term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Exenatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Exenatide, derived from a compound found in the saliva of the Gila monster, a large lizard native to the southwestern US, is a functional analog of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1), a naturally occuring peptide.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to improve glycemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus who are taking metformin, a sulfonylurea, or a combination of both, but have not achieved adequate glycemic control.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  SGS518
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS518, a novel antagonist for the 5HT6 subtype of the serotonin receptor, is being developed as a treatment for Cognitive Impairment Associated with Schizophrenia (CIAS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  JB991
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Facinicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
