DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
