DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Colloidal oatmeal
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Colloidal oatmeal is produced by grinding fine granules of oatmeal and boiling it to extract the colloidal material. It contains high concentrations of starches and beta-glucan that exhibits water-absorbing properties. Phenols are also contained in colloidal oatmeal, which possess antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities, as well as UV-absorbing activity. Colloidal oatmeal is a FDA-approved skin protectant that temporarily protects and helps relieve minor skin irritation and itching due to rashes, eczema, poison ivy, oak, sumac, or insect bites. It is available in topical products as a skin soothing agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pramocaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pramocaine (also known as pramoxine or pramoxine HCI) is a topical anesthetic and antipruritic. It is used for many dermatological and anorectal/anogenital conditions including minor cuts/burns, insect bites, hives/rashes due to poison ivy exposure, hemorrhoids and other anorectal/anogenital disorders. Pramocaine is available by itself and in combination with other medications in various topical preparations. It works by preventing ionic fluctuations needed for neuron membrane depolarization and action potential propagation.
4. Indication:  It is indicated for temporary relief of pain and pruritus from minor lip and skin irritations as well as for temporary relief from pain, burning, itching and discomfort associated with hemorrhoids and other anorectal/anogenital disorders. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hydrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The main glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some neoplastic conditions. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders, such as arthritis, lupus, severe psoriasis, severe asthma, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Allantoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Allantoin is a substance that is endogenous to the human body and also found as a normal component of human diets [FDA Label]. In healthy human volunteers, the mean plasma concentration of allantoin is about 2-3 mg/l. During exercise, the plasma allantoin concentration rapidly increases about two fold and remains elevated [FDA Label]. In human muscle, urate is oxidized to allantoin during such exercise [FDA Label]. The concentration of allantoin in muscles increases from a resting value of about 5000 ug/kg to about 16000 ug/kg immediately after short-term exhaustive cycling exercise [FDA Label]. More specifically, allantoin is a diureide of glyoxylic acid that is produced from uric acid. It is a major metabolic intermediate in most organisms. Allantoin is found in OTC cosmetic products and other commercial products such as oral hygiene products, in shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, sun care products, and clarifying lotions [4]. Allantoin has also demonstrated to ameliorate the wound healing process in some studies [1].
4. Indication:  Allantoin is commonly applied in a variety of topical vehicles or applications such as cosmetic creams, toothpastes, mouthwashes, shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, and lotions [4] for the purpose of moisturizing skin, enhancing the smoothness of skin, stimulating the healing of wounds, and soothing irritated skin [4].
