DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carbon Black
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Carbon Black has been used in trials studying Atopic Hypersensitivity and Hypersensitivity, Immediate.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Factor IX Complex (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Factor IX Complex is a sterile, lyophilized concentrate composed of a number of Vitamin K-dependent clotting factors found in functioning human plasma. Also known as prothrombin complex concentrate, products containing this complex often include Factor IX (antihemophilic factor B), Factor II (prothrombin), Factor X (Stuart-Prower Factor), and low levels of Factor VII (proconvertin) derived from human plasma. Many commercially available products also contain low levels of other antithrombotic proteins. For example, Kcentra (FDA) also contains the antithrombotic proteins C and S, while Bebulin VH (FDA) contains heparin. Coagulation factors are purified from pooled human plasma and subsequently sterilized and treated. Although Factor IX Complex products contain many different coagulation components, Factor IX is the lead component for potency and efficacy, particularly when used for the treatment of bleeding associated with Hemophilia B (Factor IX deficiency). As the product Kcentra, Factor IX Complex is also indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients experiencing acute major bleeding or requiring rapid reversal of therapy.
4. Indication:  Factor IX Complex is indicated for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes in hemophilia B patients. It is also indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients with acute major bleeding or who require rapid reversal of therapy. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pantothenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5 (a B vitamin), is a water-soluble vitamin discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1919. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient. Animals require pantothenic acid to synthesize coenzyme-A (CoA), as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.Pantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine. Small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. It is commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products. Only the dextrorotatory (D) isomer of pantothenic acid possesses biologic activity. The levorotatory (L) form may antagonize the effects of the dextrorotatory isomer. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Studied for the treatment of many uses such as treatment of testicular torsion, diabetic ulceration, wound healing, acne, obesity, diabetic peripheral polyneuropathy. It has also been investigated for its hypolipidemic effects and as cholesterol lowering agent.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Von Willebrand Factor Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[1] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[8]
4. Indication:  The vWF and Factor VIII complex is indicated for the prevention of excessive bleeding during and after minor and major surgery in adult and pediatric von Willebrand disease patients. It is also indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes.[9] The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[10]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex, also known as FEIBA (factor eight inhibitor bypassing activity), contains several proteins involved in the prothrombinase complex. It is used to control bleeding in hemophilia A and B patients with inhibitors.
4. Indication:  For use in the control of bleeding episodes, perioperative management, and routine prophylaxis against bleeding episodes in hemophilia A and B patients with inhibitors [FDA Label]. It is not indicated in the absence of factor VIII or IX inhibitors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Folic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (poaceae). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevention of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Inositol nicotinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Inositol nicotinate, also known as Inositol hexaniacinate/hexanicotinate or "no-flush niacin", is a niacin ester and vasodilator. It is used in food supplements as a source of niacin (vitamin B3), where hydrolysis of 1 g (1.23 mmol) inositol hexanicotinate yields 0.91 g nicotinic acid and 0.22 g inositol. Niacin exists in different forms including nicotinic acid, nicotinamide and other derivatives such as inositol nicotinate. It is associated with reduced flushing compared to other vasodilators by being broken down into the metabolites and inositol at a slower rate. Nicotinic acid plays an essential role in many important metabolic processes and has been used as lipid-lowering agent. Inositol nicotinate is prescribed in Europe under the name Hexopal as a symptomatic treatment for severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dietary supplement for the source of niacin. Has been investigated for potential beneficial effects on serum lipids. In Europe, inositol hexanicotinate is indicated as a patented drug known as Hexopal, which is therapeutically indicated for the symptomatic relief of severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Safflower oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cyanocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Cyanocobalamin (commonly known as Vitamin B12) is the most chemically complex of all vitamins. Its chemical structure is based on a corrin ring, which, although quite similar to the porphyrin ring found in heme, chlorophyll, and cytochrome, has two of the pyrrole rings directly bonded. The central metal ion in cyanocobalamin is Co (cobalt). Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B12) is not produced by plants or by animals. The only organisms that have the enzymes required for the synthesis of cyanocobalamin are bacteria and archaea [10].Higher plants do not utilize cyanocobalamin from the soil, and are therefore a poor source of the substance as compared with animal tissues, which are potent in cyanocobalamin [10].Vitamin B12 is naturally found in animal products, including fish, meat, poultry, eggs, milk, and milk products. Vitamin B12 is generally not present in plant foods, but fortified breakfast cereals are a readily available source of vitamin B12 with high bioavailability for vegetarian consumers. Various nutritional yeast products also contain vitamin B12 [12].The main causes of vitamin B12 deficiency include vitamin B12 malabsorption, pernicious anemia, postsurgical malabsorption, and lastly, dietary deficiency. In many cases, however, the cause of deficiency is unknown [12].
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia (due to lack of or inhibition of intrinsic factor) and for prevention and treatment of vitamin B 12 deficiency [12], [15].Values below approximately 170–250 pg/mL (120–180 picomol/L) for adults suggest a vitamin B12 deficiency. Despite this, evidence suggests that serum vitamin B12 concentrations may not accurately reflect intracellular concentrations of the vitamin [12]. It is therefore difficult to diagnose vitamin B12 deficiency.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LLL-3348
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Peanut oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Peanut oil consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids arachidic, behenic, lignoceric, linoleic, oleic, palmitic and stearic. (Arachis hypogaea).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Anistreplase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 527 residues purified from CHO cells. Eminase is a lyophilized (freeze-dried) formulation of anistreplase, the p-anisoyl derivative of the primary Lys-plasminogen-streptokinase activator complex (a complex of Lys-plasminogen and streptokinase). A p-anisoyl group is chemically conjugated to a complex of bacterial-derived streptokinase and human Plasma-derived Lys-plasminogen proteins.
4. Indication:  For lysis of acute pulmonary emboli, intracoronary emboli and management of myocardial infarction
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex is an iron replacement product for treatment of iron deficiency anemia. The stable macromolecular complex is negatively charged at alkaline pH with an apparent molecular weight of 289,000 – 440,000 daltons on gel chromatography. It is composed of iron (III) oxide hydrate directly bonded to sucrose with a chelating gluconate function in a molar ratio of two iron molecules to one gluconate. It is used in adult and in pediatric patients over the age of 6 years with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
4. Indication:  Used to replete the total body content of iron during iron deficiency anemia in patients age 6 years and older with chronic kidney disease receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  House dust
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  House dust allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aluminum chlorohydrex propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chlorohydrex propylene glycol is a complex consisting of Aluminum Chorohydrate and propylene glycol (PG). It is an antiperspirant active ingredient found in antiperspirant drug products for over-the-counter human use.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tecemotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tecemotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer and Carcinoma, Non-Small-Cell Lung.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Karaya gum
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Karaya gum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Carob
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carob allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cenderitide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cenderitide is under investigation for the treatment of ST Elevation (STEMI) Myocardial Infarction of Anterior Wall.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  BCG vaccine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BCG vaccine has been investigated for the treatment of Neoplasms, Bladder Cancer, Neoplasms by Site, Urologic Diseases, and Urologic Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
