DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Betrixaban
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Betrixaban is a non-vitamin K oral anticoagulant whose action is driven by the competitive and reversible inhibition of the factor Xa [1]. It was selected among all lead compounds due to its low hERG channel affinity while sustaining its factor Xa inhibition capacity [3]. Betrixaban, now developed by Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc., is prescribed as a venous thromboembolism (VTE) prophylactic for adult patients with moderate to severe restricted motility or with other risks for VTE [2]. VTE can be manifested as deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism and it is a leading cause of preventable death in hospitalized patients [4].
4. Indication:  Betrixaban is indicated for prophylaxis of venous thromboembolism (VTE) in conditions of moderate to severe restricted mobility or in patients that qualify as in risk of VTE. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Parnaparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parnaparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of low molecular weight heparins.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fondaparinux
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fondaparinux is under investigation for the treatment of Superficial Vein Thrombosis. Fondaparinux has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Thromboembolism, Pulmonary Embolism, Thrombosis, Venous, Deep Vein Thrombosis, and Fibrillation, Atrial, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATX-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATX-101 (medical), sodium deoxycholate for subcutaneous injection, is being evaluated as a treatment for the reduction of localized fat deposits. This includes treatment of superficial lipomas (benign tumors of soft tissue composed of mature fat cells), fat deposits in the submental region of the face/neck, and localized fat deposits in other parts of the body. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring bile acid produced by the liver as one of several end products of cholesterol metabolism. As a naturally occurring component of the human body, deoxycholate is considered a ‘biocompatible’ detergent that solubilizes fat in the small intestine. ATX-101 demonstrates a relative selectivity for fat over other tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Monteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monteplase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Embolism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  GT 389-255
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Peptimmune’s lead product GT 389-255, is a novel lipase inhibitor and fat binding hydrogel polymer conjugate for the treatment of obesity which has completed single and multiple ascending dose (SAD and MAD) Phase I trials. It is expected to block fat absorption with fewer side effects than currently marketed lipase inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Certoparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Certoparin is a low molecular weight heparin, primarily active against factor Xa. Like other low molecular weight heparins, it is used to prevent deep venous thrombosis.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Reviparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reviparin is a low molecular weight heparin which seems to have a better safety profile than unfractionated heparin.[1] It is prepared from porcine intestinal mucosa by nitrous acid depolymerization. Reviparin has a molecular weight of 3.9 kDa.[2] It was developed by Abbott laboratories and in 2009, reviparin presented an orphan drug designation by the FDA.[3]
4. Indication:  By the FDA, reviparin is indicated for the treatment of deep vein which may lead to pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients. It is also indicated for the long-term treatment of acute deep vein thrombosis with or without pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients.[3]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fluindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluindione is under investigation for the treatment of Venous Thrombosis, Pulmonary Embolism, Permanent Atrial Fibrillation, and Anticoagulating Treatment on a Duration at Least 12-month-old Superior. Fluindione has been investigated for the treatment of Blood Coagulation Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Deoxycholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deoxycholic acid is a a bile acid which emulsifies and solubilizes dietary fats in the intestine, and when injected subcutaneously, it disrupts cell membranes in adipocytes and destroys fat cells in that tissue. In April 2015, deoxycholic acid was approved by the FDA for the treatment submental fat to improve aesthetic appearance and reduce facial fullness or convexity. It is marketed under the brand name Kybella by Kythera Biopharma and is the first pharmacological agent available for submental fat reduction, allowing for a safer and less invasive alternative than surgical procedures. 
4. Indication:  For improvement in appearance of moderate to severe fullness associated with submental fat in adults. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Phenindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An indandione that has been used as an anticoagulant. Phenindione has actions similar to warfarin, but it is now rarely employed because of its higher incidence of severe adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p234)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, mural thrombosis, and thrombophili. Also used for anticoagulant prophylaxis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Fradafiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angina.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Edoxaban
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Edoxaban is a member of the Novel Oral Anti-Coagulants (NOACs) class of drugs, and is a rapidly acting, oral, selective factor Xa inhibitor. By inhibiting factor Xa, a key protein in the coagulation cascade, edoxaban prevents the stepwise amplification of protein factors needed to form blood clots. It is indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) and for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) following 5-10 days of initial therapy with a parenteral anticoagulant. Traditionally, warfarin, a vitamin K antagonist, was used for stroke prevention in these individuals but effective use of this drug is limited by it's delayed onset, narrow therapeutic window, need for regular monitoring and INR testing, and numerous drug-drug and drug-food interactions. This has prompted enthusiasm for newer agents such as dabigatran, apixaban, and rivaroxaban for effective clot prevention. In addition to once daily dosing, the benefits over warfarin also include significant reductions in hemorrhagic stroke and GI bleeding, and improved compliance, which is beneficial as many patients will be on lifelong therapy. 
4. Indication:  Edoxaban is indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF). However, it should not be used in patients with creatinine clearance (CrCL) > 95 mL/min because of increased risk of ischemic stroke compared to warfarin at the highest dose studied (60 mg). It is also indicated for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) following 5-10 days of initial therapy with a parenteral anticoagulant.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hydrogenated soybean oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Extracted from the seeds of the soybean (Glycine soja), hydrogenated soybean oil is a major food fat used in the production of margarine, shortening, and salad and cooking oils. According to the FDA, hydrogenated soybean oil is generally recognized as safe (GRAS) food substance. Linolenic acid and stearic acids are contained in hydrogenated soybean oil, but hydrogenation results in reduced unsaturation in linolenic acid. It may be found in cosmetics and personal care products as an emollient or skin conditioning agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ardeparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ardeparin, marketed under the US trade name Normiflo, is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) anticoagulant used for the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis. Ardeparin is derived via peroxide degradation of heparin extracted from porcine intestinal mucosa. Its molecular weight ranges from 2000 to 15,000 with an average molecular weight of 5500 to 6500. Normiflo was withdrawn from the US market in March 2000.
4. Indication:  For prevention of deep vein thrombosis, which may result in pulmonary embolism, following knee surgery.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Methylmalonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Enoxaparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin. Enoxaparin is used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa. Factor Xa catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, so enoxaparin's inhibition of this process results in decreased thrombin and ultimately the prevention of fibrin clot formation. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, and also for the prophylaxis of ischemic complications of unstable angina and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, when concurrently administered with aspirin.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Urokinase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Low molecular weight form of human urokinase, that consists of an A chain of 2,000 daltons linked by a sulfhydryl bond to a B chain of 30,400 daltons. Recombinant urokinase plasminogen activator
4. Indication:  Urokinase can be used for the treatment of pulminary embolism, coronary artery thrombosis, IV catheter clearance, and venous and arterial blood clots.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Streptokinase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Streptokinase, is a sterile, purified preparation of a bacterial protein elaborated by group C (beta) -hemolytic streptococci.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute evolving transmural myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, arterial thrombosis or emolism and occlusion of arteriovenous cannulae
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Lauric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Lauric acid is an inexpensive, non-toxic and safe to handle compound often used in laboratory investigations of melting-point depression. Lauric acid is a solid at room temperature but melts easily in boiling water, so liquid lauric acid can be treated with various solutes and used to determine their molecular masses.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  ALTU-135
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALTU-135, the Company's orally administered enzyme replacement therapy for patients with pancreatic insufficiency, is manufactured by blending three drug substance enzymes: lipase, protease and amylase. This consistent and pure enzyme combination is designed to improve fat, protein and carbohydrate absorption in pancreatic insufficient individuals. ALTU-135 has been granted orphan drug and fast-track designation as well as CMA Pilot 2 program status by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cystic fibrosis and pancreatic disorders.
