DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Vismodegib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vismodegib inhibits the hedgehog signalling pathway and is indicated for treatment of adult basal cell carcinoma. FDA approved on Jan 30, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Vismodegib is used for treating locally advanced or metastatic basal cell carcinoma in patients whose carcinoma has recurred after surgery, and in patients who are not candidates for surgery or radiation.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dequalinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.
4. Indication:  Effective local treatment as vaginal tablets for infections such as fluor vaginalis, bacterial vaginosis, aerobic vaginitis, vulvo-vaginal candidiasis and trichomoniasis. Used as a topical antimicrobial agent. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Triptorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Triptorelin is a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion. After chronic, continuous administration, this agent effects sustained decreases in LH and FSH production and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis. Serum testosterone concentrations may fall to levels typically observed in surgically castrated men.
4. Indication:  Triptorelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Letermovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letermovir recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients [6]. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors [3]. Letermovir has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis [6].
4. Indication:  For use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen is a live virus vaccine for simultaneous vaccination against measles, which is a common childhood disease. The vaccine is prepared from the attenuated line of measles virus, derived from Enders' attenuated Edmonston strain and propagated in chick embryo cell culture.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Macitentan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age. 
4. Indication:  Macitentan is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Allylestrenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with progestational activity. It is widely marketed throughout Europe, including Russia and many other European countries, and is also available in Japan, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and much of Southeast Asia, though notably not in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Allylestrenol was designed to be used for miscarriage prevention, prevention of premature labour and has been investigated for possible use in men for treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Trastuzumab emtansine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trastuzumab emtansine, formerly called Trastuzumab-DM1 (T-DM1) is a first-in-class HER2 antibody drug conjugate (ADC) comprised of Genentech's trastuzumab antibody linked to ImmunoGen's cell-killing agent, DM1. T-DM1 combines two strategies-- anti-HER2 activity and targeted intracellular delivery of the potent anti-microtubule agent, DM1 (a maytansine derivative)--to produce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Trastuzumab emtansine is marketed under the brand name Kadcyla and is indicated for use in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment. The FDA label has two precautions. First that trastuzumab emtansine and trastuzumab cannot be interchanged. Second that there is a black box warning of serious side effects such as hepatotoxicity, embryo-fetal toxicity, and cardiac toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Used in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Necitumumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Necitumumab is an intravenously administered recombinant monoclonal IgG1 antibody used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as an EGFR antagonist. It functions by binding to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and prevents binding of its ligands, a process that is involved in cell proliferation, metastasis, angiogenesis, and malignant progression. Binding of necitumumab to EGFR induces receptor internalization and degradation, thereby preventing further activation of EGFR which is beneficial in NSCLC as many patients have increased protein expression of EGFR. Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
4. Indication:  Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). It is not indicated for treatment of non-squamous NSCLC. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Progesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The major progestational steroid that is secreted primarily by the corpus luteum and the placenta. Progesterone acts on the uterus, the mammary glands, and the brain. It is required in embryo implantation, pregnancy maintenance, and the development of mammary tissue for milk production. Progesterone, converted from pregnenolone, also serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of gonadal steroid hormones and adrenal corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  CHF 4227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Olaratumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olaratumab (IMC-3G3) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody with antitumor activity that selectively binds the external domain of human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-α with high affinity and blocks ligand binding. It is composed of two heavy chain molecule fragments and 2 light chain fragments. Studies show that the treatment of olaratumab in combination with doxorubicin resulted in significant reduction of cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth. Olaratumab was granted accelerated approval (as Lartruvo) as initial therapy to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS) in October, 2016.
4. Indication:  Olaratumab is indicated, in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced or mestastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS) with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  ginsenoside Rb1
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of ginseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rb1 appears to be most abundant in Panax quinquefolius (American Ginseng). Rb1 seems to affect the reproductive system in animal testicles. Recent research shows that Rb1 affects rat embryo development and has teratogenic effects, causing birth defects. Another study shows that Rb1 may increase testosterone production in male rats indirectly through the stimulation of the luteinizing hormone. Traditional Chinese medicine asserts that Panax quinquefolius promotes yin in the body. It also inhibits chemoinvasion and angiogenesis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pine needle oil (pinus mugo)
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Pine needle oil is obtained from the needles of Pinus mugo tree via steam distillation. Major components of pine needle oil (pinus mugo) include α-Pinene, β-pinene, δ-3-carene, limonene, β-phellandrene, (E)-caryophyllene, and germacrene D. It is present in aromatherapeutic agents as a massage oil or fragrance and may also be used as a disinfectant, lubricant, sanitizer, antimicrobial, insecticide and organic herbicide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  M0002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M0002 is an orally-active selective vasopressin antagonist that inhibits water re-absorption from the kidneys. It is a vasopressin 2 antagonist and represents a new class of compounds – aquaretics – that produce profound diuresis without loss of electrolytes. It will be of major benefit to those patients not responding satisfactorily to diuretics alone.
4. Indication:  Vasopressin regulates renal water resorption through the V2 receptor. Inhibition of vasopressin’s effects on V2 receptors enhances water excretion and increases urinary output. M0002 is a Vasopressin 2 antagonis. It is an electrolyte-sparing aquaretic and causes much lower levels of salt excretion. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  D-JNKI-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hearing loss.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate is an iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate.[1] It presents an increasing interest as this insoluble form can be milder in the gastrointestinal tract and present higher bioavailability.[10]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate is intended to be indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency as a formulation with a milder gastrointestinal effect.[9, 10] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tipiracil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tipiracil is a thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor. It is used in combination with trifluridine, in a ratio of 1:0.5, to form TAS-102. The main function of Tipiracil in TAS-102 is to increase trifluridine bioavailability by inhibiting its catabolism.[2] TAS-102 is indicated for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer which has been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, or with an anti-VEGF or anti-EGFR therapy.[1]
4. Indication:  Tipiracil, in combination with trifluridine, is indicated for the treatment of refractory mestastatic colorectal cancer patients who keep progressing despite of treatment with standard chemotherapy and biologics.[3]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Durvalumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Durvalumab is a a human monoclonal antibody that blocks programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1), or CD 274. In May, 2017 it received FDA approval for previously treated patients with locally advanced or metastatic cancer in the urinary system (as Imfinzi). It is shown to be effective in patients with continued disease progression after the platinum-based chemotherapy. This drug has a relatively tolerable safety profile and its structural modification advantageously prevents the induction of antibody-dependent cytotoxicity (ADCC) or complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) [5].
4. Indication:  Durvalumab is indicated for patients with urothelial carcinoma, such as urinary bladder, urethra or ureter cancer. Patients with prolonged disease progression due to failed platinum-based chemotherapy such as cisplatin and carboplatin are most likely to benefit from durvalumab treatment. Its clinical effectiveness is especially enhanced in PD-L1-positive patient groups [1]. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
