DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Diazoxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzothiadiazine derivative that is a peripheral vasodilator used for hypertensive emergencies. It lacks diuretic effect, apparently because it lacks a sulfonamide group. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used parentally to treat hypertensive emergencies. Also used to treat hypoglycemia secondary to insulinoma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propranolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist. Propranolol is used in the treatment or prevention of many disorders including acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, angina pectoris, hypertension, hypertensive emergencies, hyperthyroidism, migraine, pheochromocytoma, menopause, and anxiety. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of migraine.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tolazamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A sulphonylurea hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of chlorpropamide.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet to lower the blood glucose in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (Type II) whose hyperglycemia cannot be satisfactorily controlled by diet alone.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Phentolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is used in the treatment of hypertension and hypertensive emergencies, pheochromocytoma, vasospasm of raynaud disease and frostbite, clonidine withdrawal syndrome, impotence, and peripheral vascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as an aid for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, and may be administered immediately prior to or during pheochromocytomectomy to prevent or control paroxysmal hypertension resulting from anesthesia, stress, or operative manipulation of the tumor. Phentolamine has also been used to treat hypertensive crisis caused by sympathomimetic amines or catecholamine excess by certain foods or drugs in patients taking MAO inhibitors, or by clonidine withdrawal syndrome. Other indications include the prevention of dermal necrosis and sloughing following IV administration or extravasation of norepinephrine, decrease in impedance to left ventricular ejection and the infarct size in patients with MI associated with left ventricular failure, treatment of erectile dysfunction through self-injection of small doses combined with papaverine hydrochloride into the corpus cavernosum, and as an adjunct to the management of cocaine overdose to reverse coronary vasoconstriction following use of oxygen, benzodiazepines,and nitroglycerin. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Zuclopenthixol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zuclopenthixol, also known as Zuclopentixol or Zuclopenthixolum, is an antipsychotic agent. Zuclopenthixol is a thioxanthene-based neuroleptic with therapeutic actions similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. It is an antagonist at D1 and D2 dopamine receptors. Major brands of zuclopenthixol are Cisordinol, Acuphase, and Clopixol. This drug is a liquid. This compound belongs to the thioxanthenes. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a thioxanthene moiety, which is an aromatic tricycle derived from xanthene by replacing the oxygen atom with a sulfur atom. Known drug targets of zuclopenthixol include 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A, D(1B) dopamine receptor, D(2) dopamine receptor, D(1A) dopamine receptor, and alpha-1A adrenergic receptor. It is known that zuclopenthixol is metabolized by Cytochrome P450 2D6. Zuclopenthixol was approved for use in Canada in 2011, but is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of acute psychoses such as mania or schizophrenia. However, the use of zuclopenthixol acetate in psychiatric emergencies as an alternative to standard treatments (haloperidol, clotiapine, etc.) should be cautioned, since well executed and documented trials of zuclopenthixol acetate for this use have yet to be conducted. Zuclopenthixol acetate is not intended for long-term use.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Potassium Iodide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Saturated solution of Potassium Iodide (SSKI) is used pharmaceutically for emergency use in patients experiencing acute symptoms of severe hyperglycemia (also known as thyroid storm or thyrotoxic crisis). SSKI can also be used for radioiodine-contamination emergencies or in preparation of thyrotoxic patients for thyroidectomy.
4. Indication:  Potassium Iodide is oral antithyroid agent. Potassium Iodide is used as an adjunct to other antithyroid agents in the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis and preoperatively to induce thyroid involution.
