DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nefopam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nefopam is under investigation for the prevention of Cholecystitis and Post Anaesthetic Shivering. Nefopam has been investigated for the prevention of Kidney Transplantation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m disofenin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m disofenin is a radiopharmaceutical agent used in hepatobiliary imaging for diagnostic purposes. It is well suited for both planar and single photon tomographic scintigraphy to quantitatively measure the function of liver, gallbladder and bile ducts and detect any anatomical changes in the hepatobliary system. It is available as an intravenous injection in a preparation kit under the name Hepatolite. Technetium Tc-99m is a metastable nuclear isomer and disofenin is an iminodiacetic acid derivative with no known pharmacologic actions at the doses recommended. However disofenin is the most commonly used iminodiacetic acid since it has a high liver to renal extraction and its hepatic uptake is not as highly dependent on serum bilirubin levels (a competitive inhibitor for liver uptake) as are other tracers from the iminodiacetic acid.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc99m Disofenin is indicated as a hepatobiliary imaging agent. Hepatolite is indicated in the diagnosis of acute cholecystitis as well as to rule out the occurrence of acute cholecystitis in suspected patients with right upper quadrant pain, fever, jaundice, right upper quadrant tenderness and mass or rebound tenderness, but not limited to these signs and symptoms.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
