DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Beef
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Thrombin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Also known as coagulation factor II, thrombin is a serine protease that plays a physiological role in regulating hemostasis and maintaining blood coagulation. Once converted from prothrombin, thrombin converts fibrinogen to fibrin, which, in combination with platelets from the blood, forms a clot. Medical thrombin is a protein substance produced through a conversion reaction in which prothrombin of bovine origin is activated by tissue thromboplastin in the presence of calcium chloride. Thrombin requires no intermediate physiological agent for its action. It clots the fibrinogen of the blood directly. Failure to clot blood occurs in the rare case where the primary clotting defect is the absence of fibrinogen itself.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Casein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Casein allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aprotinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aprotinin, also known as bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor, BPTI (Trasylol, Bayer) is a protein, that is used as medication administered by injection to reduce bleeding during complex surgery, such as heart and liver surgery. Its main effect is the slowing down of fibrinolysis, the process that leads to the breakdown of blood clots. The aim in its use is to decrease the need for blood transfusions during surgery, as well as end-organ damage due to hypotension (low blood pressure) as a result of marked blood loss. The drug was temporarily withdrawn worldwide in 2007 after studies suggested that its use increased the risk of complications or death; after this was confirmed by follow-up studies, Trasylol was entirely and permanently withdrawn in May 2008, except - at least for the time being - for very restricted research use. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prophylactic use to reduce perioperative blood loss and the need for blood transfusion in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass in the course of coronary artery bypass graft surgery who are at an increased risk for blood loss and blood transfusion.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lactulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic disaccharide used in the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy. It has also been used in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p887)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Insulin Beef
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tilmicosin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic. It is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease and ovine respiratory disease associated with Mannheimia haemolytica.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Trypsin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Trypsin is a serine protease that plays an essential role in protein hydrolysis and absorption in mammals. When converted from its zymogen trypsinogen, trypsin is available as an active peptide hydrolase (EC 3.4.21.4) form to cleave peptide chains, mainly at the carboxyl side of the amino acids lysine or arginine. Trypsin contains a nucleophilic residue Ser in the enzyme active site which attacks the carbonyl moiety of the substrate peptide bond to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate [1]. This nucleophilic attack is facilitated by the catalytic triad consisting of histidine-57, aspartate-102, and serine-195. Trypsin also contains an oxyanion hole that stabilizes the charge negative charge on the carbonyl oxygen atom formed from the cleavage of peptide bonds. Therapeutic forms of trypsin is obtained from purified extracts of porcine or bovine pancreas and is intended to aid in digestion when administered orally.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Phenylacetic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylacetic acid is an organic compound containing a phenyl functional group and a carboxylic acid functional group. It is a white solid with a disagreeable odor. Because it is used in the illicit production of phenylacetone (used in the manufacture of substituted amphetamines), it is subject to controls in countries including the United States and China.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of acute hyperammonemia and associated encephalopathy in patients with deficiencies in enzymes of the urea cycle.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Thymalfasin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thymalfasin is a chemically synthesized version of thymosin alpha 1 that is identical to human thymosin alpha 1. Thymosin alpha 1 is an acetylated polypeptide. Thymosin alpha 1 is now approved in 35 developing countries for the treatment of Hepatitis B and C. It is also used to boost the immune response in the treatment of other diseases.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjuvant for influenza vaccine in elderly patients and as an adjuvant for both influenza and hepatitis B vaccines in chronic hemodialysis patients who failed to achieve adequate antibody titers from previous immunization.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Chlormezanone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasm.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Papaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fenoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Rifaximin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rifaximin is a semisynthetic, rifamycin-based non-systemic antibiotic, meaning that the drug will not pass the gastrointestinal wall into the circulation as is common for other types of orally administered antibiotics. It has multiple indications and is used in treatment of traveller's diarrhea caused by E. coli; reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence; as well as diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D) in adult women and men. It is marketed under the brand name Xifaxan by Salix Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Rifaximin has multiple indications by the FDA: for the treatment of patients (≥12 years of age) with traveller's diarrhea caused by noninvasive strains of Escherichia coli; for the reduction of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence in patients ≥18 years of age; and in May 2015 it was approved for irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D) treatment in adult men and women. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
