DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Icodextrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icodextrin is an iso-osmotic peritoneal dialysis solution containing glucose polymers. It is used primarily for ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for patients with end-stage renal disease. It is injected as a solution into the peritoneal cavity. The drug is absorbed via convective transport via peritoneal lymphatic pathways.
4. Indication:  Used for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients or automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for the management of end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Eravacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eravacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of End Stage Renal Disease, Impaired Hepatic Function, Complicated Intra-abdominal Infection, and Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTI).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SPP1148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  L-Carnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
4. Indication:  For treatment of primary systemic carnitine deficiency, a genetic impairment of normal biosynthesis or utilization of levocarnitine from dietary sources, or for the treatment of secondary carnitine deficiency resulting from an inborn error of metabolism such as glutaric aciduria II, methyl malonic aciduria, propionic acidemia, and medium chain fatty acylCoA dehydrogenase deficiency. Used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. Parenteral levocarnitine is indicated for the prevention and treatment of carnitine deficiency in patients with end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Doxercalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1α,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. Doxercalciferol is marketed under the brand name Hectoral by Genzyme Corporation, and is manufactured by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 
4. Indication:  Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  N,N-dimethylarginine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is a naturally occurring chemical found in blood plasma. It is a metabolic by-product of continual protein modification processes in the cytoplasm of all human cells. It is closely related to L-arginine, a conditionally-essential amino acid. ADMA interferes with L-arginine in the production of nitric oxide, a key chemical to endothelial and hence cardiovascular health. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cilnidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cilnidipine is a dihydropyridine calcium antagonist. It was jointly developed by Fuji Viscera Pharmaceutical Company, Japan and Ajinomoto, Japan and approved in 1995. Compared with other calcium antagonists, cilnidipine can act on the N-type calcium channel that existing sympathetic nerve end besides acting on L-type calcium channel that similar to most of the calcium antagonists. Cilnidipine is approved for use in Japan, China, India, Korea and some European countries.[1]
4. Indication:  Cilnidipine is indicated for the management of hypertension for end-organ protection.[5] It is reported to be useful in elderly patients and in those with diabetes and albuminuria. Cilnidipine has been increasingly used in patients with chronic kidney disease Hypertension is the term used to describe the presence of high blood pressure. The blood pressure is generated by the force of the blood pumped from the heart against the blood vessels. Thus hypertension is caused when there is too much pressure on the blood vessels and this effect can damage the blood vessel.[6]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Efonidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efonidipine (INN) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker marketed by Shionogi & Co. of Japan. It was launched in 1995, under the brand name Landel. The drug blocks both T-type and L-type calcium channels [1, 2]. It has also been studied in atherosclerosis and acute renal failure [2]. This drug is also known as NZ-105, and several studies have been done on its pharmacokinetics in animals [13].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sevelamer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sevelamer is a phosphate binding drug used to prevent hyperphosphataemia in patients with chronic renal failure. When taken with meals, sevelamer binds to dietary phosphate and prevents its absorption. It is marketed by Genzyme under the trade name Renagel.
4. Indication:  For the control of serum phosphorus in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) on hemodialysis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mangafodipir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. It consists of two parts, the paramagnetic manganese (II) ions and the chelating agent fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an organ-specific paramagnetic contrast agent developed for imaging of the hepatobiliary system and detecting lesions in liver and pancreas.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mechlorethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes, mechlorethamine is an alkylating drug. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage. [PubChem]The FDA granted marketing approval for the orphan drug Valchlor (mechlorethamine) gel on August 23, 2013 for the topical treatment of stage IA and IB mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who have received prior skin-directed therapy. Each tube of Valchlor contains 0.016% of mechlorethamine which is equivalent to 0.02% mechlorethamine HCL. 
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of Hodgkin's disease (Stages III and IV), lymphosarcoma, chronic myelocytic or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, polycythemia vera, mycosis fungoides, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Also for the palliative treatment of metastatic carcinoma resulting in effusion.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Procarbazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent used primarily in combination with mechlorethamine, vincristine, and prednisone (the MOPP protocol) in the treatment of Hodgkin's disease.
4. Indication:  For use with other anticancer drugs for the treatment of stage III and stage IV Hodgkin's disease.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Lanthanum carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lanthanum carbonate is used in medicine as a phosphate binder. As a medication it is sold under the trade name Fosrenol by the pharmaceutical company Shire Pharmaceuticals. Fosrenol is the largest of all pills filled in community pharmacies. Sometimes patients forget that fosrenol is not swallowed whole, but instead should be chewed. This has led to severe choking. It is prescribed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia, primarily in patients with chronic kidney disease. It is taken with meals and binds to dietary phosphate, preventing phosphate from being absorbed by the intestine.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce serum phosphate in patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pimagedine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pimagedine has been developed by Synvista Therapeutics, Inc for the treatment of diabetic kidney disease. It is an advanced glycation end product inhibitor which manages diabetic nephropathy, either alone or in combination with other therapies. It is beneficial in treating patients with diabetic nephropathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic kidney disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pigment blue 16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Phthalocyanine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Artesunate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Artesunate is part of the artemisinin group of drugs that treat malaria. It is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin that is water-soluble and may therefore be given by injection. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. It has been made available in the US under the investigational new drug protocol [2]. Artesunate is provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on an emergency basis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum in adults and children [3]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pardoprunox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pardoprunox has been used in trials studying the treatment of Early Stage Parkinson's Disease and Advanced Stage Parkinson's Disease. Pardoprunox is a partial dopamine D2 agonist and noradrenergic agonist with serotonin 5-HT1A agonist properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Silicon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Silicon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  cryopreserved human liver cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vesta Therapeutics is a privately held company developing cell therapeutics for liver repair and regeneration. The Company's technology is centered on the isolation, expansion, and cryopreservation of liver cells (human hepatocytes) obtained from organ donor livers that are not suitable for whole organ transplantation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Paricalcitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paricalcitol is a synthetic vitamin D analog. Paricalcitol has been used to reduce parathyroid hormone levels. Paricalcitol is indicated for the prevention and treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic renal failure.
4. Indication:  For treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism associated with chronic kidney disease (CKD) Stage 3 and 4
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  ATX-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATX-101 (medical), sodium deoxycholate for subcutaneous injection, is being evaluated as a treatment for the reduction of localized fat deposits. This includes treatment of superficial lipomas (benign tumors of soft tissue composed of mature fat cells), fat deposits in the submental region of the face/neck, and localized fat deposits in other parts of the body. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring bile acid produced by the liver as one of several end products of cholesterol metabolism. As a naturally occurring component of the human body, deoxycholate is considered a ‘biocompatible’ detergent that solubilizes fat in the small intestine. ATX-101 demonstrates a relative selectivity for fat over other tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pibrentasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pibrentasvir is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS5A inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication and viron assembly. In combination with Glecaprevir, pibrentastiv is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS5A inhibitors. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at known NS5A inhibitor resistance-associated positions in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility and resistance to pibrentasvir [FDA Label]. These resistance-associated amino acid substitutions included Q30D/deletion, Y93D/H/N or H58D +Y93H in genotype 1a replicons, F28S + M31I or P29S + K30G in genotype 2a replicons, and Y93H in genotype 3a replicons. Individual NS5A amino acid substitutions that reduced susceptibility to pibrentasvir include M28G or Q30D in a genotype 1a replicon and P32-deletion in a genotype 1b replicon [FDA Label]. Pibrentasvir is available as an oral combination therapy with Glecaprevir under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis [3]. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both [3]. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of ≥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6 [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis (Child-PughA). MAVYRET is also indicated for the treatment of adult patients with HCV genotype 1 infection, who previously have been treated with a regimen containing an HCV NS5A inhibitoror an NS3/4A protease inhibitor (PI), but not both [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Grn163l
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GRN163L is a novel anti-cancer drug. It has been characterized preclinically and shown to inhibit telomerase in human tumor cells of many cancer types (including lung, breast, prostate, liver, and early stage of human breast cancer), in both cell culture systems and animal models. Study of this drug shows the its potential utility in the treatment of patients with hematologic and solid tumor malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid) and solid tumors.
