DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OPC-51803
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OPC-51803 is the first nonpeptide vasopressin (AVP) V(2)-receptor-selective agonist. It is a V(2)-selective agonist that produces a significant antidiuretic action after single and multiple oral dosing in AVP-deficient and normal AVP states. It is useful therapeutic drug in the treatment of hypothalamic diabetes insipidus, nocturnal enuresis, and some kinds of urinary incontinence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in nocturia (frequent nighttime urination) and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propantheline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis. It has also been used for hyperhidrosis, and cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines or bladder.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Aceclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with marked anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. It is reported to have a higher anti-inflammatory action or at least comparable effects than conventional NSAIDs in double-blind studies [2, 3, 5]. Aceclofenac potently inhibits the cyclo-oxygenase enzyme (COX) that is involved in the synthesis of prostaglandins, which are inflammatory mediators that cause pain, swelling, inflammation, and fever. It is orally administered for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. Aceclofenac belongs to BCS Class II as it possesses poor aqueous solubility [2]. It displays high permeability to penetrate into synovial joints where in patients with osteoarthritis and related conditions, the loss of articular cartilage in the area causes joint pain, tenderness, stiffness, crepitus, and local inflammation [1]. Aceclofenac is also reported to be effective in other painful conditions such as dental and gynaecological conditions [7]. In 1991, aceclofenac was developed as an analog of a commonly prescribed NSAID, Diclofenac, via chemical modification in effort to improve the gastrointestinal tolerability of the drug. It is a more commonly prescribed drug in Europe.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
