DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MDX-1303
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1303 is a fully human antibody against the inhalation anthrax, the most lethal form of illness in humans caused by the Bacillus anthracis bacterium, and targets a protein component of these lethal toxins known as the anthrax protective antigen.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anthrax exposure and bacterial infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  AG-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AG-702 is a recombinant human heat shock protein also known as stress protein. It is also known as HSPs, which are a group of proteins that are induced when a cell undergoes various types of environmental stresses like heat, cold and oxygen deprivation. HSPs are present in all cells in all life forms from bacteria to mammals, and their structure and function are similar across these diverse life forms. This drug is developed by antigenics for the treatment of genital herpes infection and is under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Carnosine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Carnosine has been investigated for the treatment of Gulf War Illness.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Domiphen
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Domiphen bromide is a topical antiseptic and a quaternary ammonium compound.
4. Indication:  Anti-infective (topical), it is used for the treatment of Acute Infectious Dental Diseases and other conditions.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Promazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. Promazine is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct for short term treatment of moderate and severe psychomotor agitation. Also used to treat agitation or restlessness in the elderly.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rimantadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of illness caused by various strains of influenza A virus in adults.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mephenytoin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants. It is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bavituximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bavituximab is a chimeric Anti-PS monoclonal antibody analog which is used to potentially treat cancers and viral infections. It binds to phosphatidylserine and other exposed host cell lipids when induced by cellular stress. Additional analogs in the class include 3G4, 2aG4, 9d2 and Hu3g4.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, hepatitis (viral, C), and solid tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Triclocarban
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Triclocarban is an antibacterial agent that is particularly effective against Gram positive bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus. It is a bacteriostatic compound that has been found in antibacterial soaps and other personal care products. In September 2016, the US FDA prohibited the marketing of over-the-counter (OTC) consumer antiseptic wash products containing triclocarban due to negative health effects such as bacterial resistance or hormonal effects.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Peginterferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon beta-1a is an interferon beta-1a to which a single, linear 20,000 dalton (Da) methoxy poly(ethyleneglycol)-O-2-methylpropionaldehyde (PEG) molecule is covalently attached to the alpha amino group of the N-terminal amino acid residue. The amino acid sequence of the recombinant interferon beta-1a is identical to that of the human interferon beta counterpart. Although it's mechanism of action is unknown, peginterferon beta-1a is indicated for use in relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS).Interferon beta was the first drug to alter the course of MS, however multiple side effects and the need for weekly subcutaneous injection make it difficult to use. Interferon beta was subsequently PEGylated (covalently attached to polyethylene glycol) to extend its duration of action to every 14 days. It is currently available as peginterferon beta-1a as the FDA-approved product Plegridy.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fosphenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fosphenytoin is a water-soluble phenytoin prodrug used only in hospitals for the treatment of epileptic seizures. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Its main mechanism is to block frequency-dependent, use-dependent and voltage-dependent neuronal sodium channels, and therefore limit repetitive firing of action potentials.
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized convulsive status epilepticus and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during neurosurgery. It can also be substituted, short-term, for oral phenytoin.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Oseltamivir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An acetamido cyclohexene that is a structural homolog of sialic acid and inhibits neuraminidase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Oseltamivir (Tamiflu) is for the treatment of uncomplicated acute illness due to influenza infection in patients 1 year and older who have been symptomatic for no more than 2 days. It is also used for the prophylaxis of influenza in adult patients and adolescents 13 years and older.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Riluzole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glutamate antagonist (receptors, glutamate) used as an anticonvulsant (anticonvulsants) and to prolong the survival of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Riluzole is marketed as Rilutek by Sanofi. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, Lou Gehrig's Disease)
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pimecrolimus
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimecrolimus is an immunomodulating agent used in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema). It is currently available as a topical cream, once marketed by Novartis, (however Galderma will be promoting the molecule in Canada in early 2007) under the trade name Elidel. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Zanamivir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A guanido-neuraminic acid that is used to inhibit neuraminidase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and treatment of influenza A and B.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Flupentixol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Flupentixol is an antipsychotic neuroleptic drug. It is a thioxanthene, and therefore closely related to the phenothiazines. Its primary use is as a long acting injection given two or three weekly to people with schizophrenia who have a poor compliance with medication and suffer frequent relapses of illness. It is a D1 and D2 receptor antagonist. It is not approved in the United States.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of schizophrenia and depression
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Emtricitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emtricitabine is a nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) for the treatment of HIV infection in adults. Emtricitabine is an analogue of cytidine. The drug works by inhibiting reverse transcriptase, the enzyme that copies HIV RNA into new viral DNA.
4. Indication:  Indicated, in combination with other antiretroviral agents, for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in adults and for postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in health care workers and others exposed occupationally or nonoccupationally via percutaneous injury or mucous membrane or nonintact skin contact with blood, tissues, or other body fluids associated with risk for transmission of the virus.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Phenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant that is used in a wide variety of seizures. It is also an anti-arrhythmic and a muscle relaxant. The mechanism of therapeutic action is not clear, although several cellular actions have been described including effects on ion channels, active transport, and general membrane stabilization. The mechanism of its muscle relaxant effect appears to involve a reduction in the sensitivity of muscle spindles to stretch. Phenytoin has been proposed for several other therapeutic uses, but its use has been limited by its many adverse effects and interactions with other drugs. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor, temporal lobe) seizures and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during or following neurosurgery.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hypromellose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hypromellose, or hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) [8], is a semisynthetic, inert, and viscoelastic polymer that forms a colloid solution when dissolved in water. It acts as a thickening agent, coating polymer, bioadhesive, solubility enhancer in solid dispersions, and binder in the process of granulation and in modified release formulations [2]. It is a commonly used as a delivery component in oral pharmaceutical products that provides the release of a drug in a controlled fashion, effectively increasing the duration of release of a drug to prolong its therapeutic effects [1]. Hypromellose is also found in eye drops as a lubricant [3].
4. Indication:  Protectant (ophthalmic) [4]Tears (artificial) [4]Lubricant (ophthalmic) [4]Diagnostic aid (contact lens procedures; gonioscopy) [4]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  L-Threonine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential amino acid occurring naturally in the L-form, which is the active form. It is found in eggs, milk, gelatin, and other proteins. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  L-Threonine makes up collagen, elastin, and enamel protein. It aids proper fat metabolism in the liver, helps the digestive and intestinal tracts function more smoothly, and assists in metabolism and assimilation.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Carbamazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used to control grand mal and psychomotor or focal seizures. Its mode of action is not fully understood, but some of its actions resemble those of phenytoin; although there is little chemical resemblance between the two compounds, their three-dimensional structure is similar. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy and pain associated with true trigeminal neuralgia. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
