DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Beef
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Yellow Fever Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Yellow Fever vaccine prevents against Yellow Fever, a viral hemorrhagic disease caused by the transmission of a flavivirus through the bite of an infected mosquito. Symptoms of Yellow Fever can range from asymptomatic, to mild flu-like illness, to more severe symptoms such as shock, jaundice, internal bleeding, and organ failure [4]. Interestingly, Yellow Fever got its name from the characteristic yellowing of the skin and eyes that occurs from the development of jaundice when the virus attacks the liver. Although there is supportive treatment available for managing Yellow Fever, there are currently no antivirals developed to specifically treat Yellow Fever. Vaccination with Yellow Fever vaccine is therefore considered to be the most important and effective measure to protect against Yellow Fever, with protective immunity developing within 10 days after vaccination; in two separate clinical trials of Yellow Fever Vaccine, 90% of subjects seroconverted within 10 days after vaccination, and 100% of subjects seroconverted within 14 days [FDA Label]. The World Health Organization no longer recommends the use of a 10-year booster dose following primary immunization, as a single dose is "sufficient to confer life-long immunity against yellow fever disease" [3]. Yellow Fever is most commonly found in the southern hemisphere, in tropical regions of Africa and Central/South America [2]. The World Health Organization recommends routine vaccination in countries where Yellow Fever is endemic, and for travellers going to endemic areas as proof of vaccination is often a requirement at border crossings to prevent international spread of the disease [2, 5].Yellow Fever Vaccine is a subcutaneously administered vaccination for the active immunization and prophylaxis of yellow fever in pediatric patients 9 months of age and older. It is composed of two live, attenuated strains of yellow fever virus, 17D-204 and 17DD, which have been shown to elicit an immune response identical to that induced by wild-type infection [FDA Label]. The FDA recommends vaccination with Yellow Fever Vaccine for persons living in or travelling to endemic areas and for laboratory personnel who handle virulent yellow fever virus or concentrated preparations of the yellow fever vaccine virus.
4. Indication:  Yellow Fever Vaccine is indicated for active immunization for the prevention of yellow fever in persons 9 months of age and older in the following categories:Persons Living in or Traveling to Endemic Areas: While the actual risk for contracting yellow fever during travel is probably low, variability of itineraries, behaviors and seasonal incidence of disease make it difficult to predict the actual risk for a given individual living in or traveling to a known endemic or epidemic area. Greater risk is associated with living in or traveling to areas of South America and Africa where yellow fever infection is officially reported at the time of travel and with traveling outside the urban areas of countries that do not officially report the disease but that lie in a yellow fever endemic zone.Persons Travelling Internationally Through Countries with Yellow Fever: Some countries require an individual to have a valid International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis (ICVP) if the individual has been in countries either known or thought to harbor yellow fever virus. The certificate becomes valid 10 days after vaccination with Yellow Fever Vaccine.Laboratory Personnel: Laboratory personnel who handle virulent yellow fever virus or concentrated preparations of the yellow fever vaccine virus strains may be at risk of exposure by direct or indirect contact or by aerosols.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Thrombin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Also known as coagulation factor II, thrombin is a serine protease that plays a physiological role in regulating hemostasis and maintaining blood coagulation. Once converted from prothrombin, thrombin converts fibrinogen to fibrin, which, in combination with platelets from the blood, forms a clot. Medical thrombin is a protein substance produced through a conversion reaction in which prothrombin of bovine origin is activated by tissue thromboplastin in the presence of calcium chloride. Thrombin requires no intermediate physiological agent for its action. It clots the fibrinogen of the blood directly. Failure to clot blood occurs in the rare case where the primary clotting defect is the absence of fibrinogen itself.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Casein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Casein allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aprotinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aprotinin, also known as bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor, BPTI (Trasylol, Bayer) is a protein, that is used as medication administered by injection to reduce bleeding during complex surgery, such as heart and liver surgery. Its main effect is the slowing down of fibrinolysis, the process that leads to the breakdown of blood clots. The aim in its use is to decrease the need for blood transfusions during surgery, as well as end-organ damage due to hypotension (low blood pressure) as a result of marked blood loss. The drug was temporarily withdrawn worldwide in 2007 after studies suggested that its use increased the risk of complications or death; after this was confirmed by follow-up studies, Trasylol was entirely and permanently withdrawn in May 2008, except - at least for the time being - for very restricted research use. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prophylactic use to reduce perioperative blood loss and the need for blood transfusion in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass in the course of coronary artery bypass graft surgery who are at an increased risk for blood loss and blood transfusion.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Insulin Beef
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Trypsin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Trypsin is a serine protease that plays an essential role in protein hydrolysis and absorption in mammals. When converted from its zymogen trypsinogen, trypsin is available as an active peptide hydrolase (EC 3.4.21.4) form to cleave peptide chains, mainly at the carboxyl side of the amino acids lysine or arginine. Trypsin contains a nucleophilic residue Ser in the enzyme active site which attacks the carbonyl moiety of the substrate peptide bond to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate [1]. This nucleophilic attack is facilitated by the catalytic triad consisting of histidine-57, aspartate-102, and serine-195. Trypsin also contains an oxyanion hole that stabilizes the charge negative charge on the carbonyl oxygen atom formed from the cleavage of peptide bonds. Therapeutic forms of trypsin is obtained from purified extracts of porcine or bovine pancreas and is intended to aid in digestion when administered orally.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tilmicosin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tilmicosin is a macrolide antibiotic. It is used in veterinary medicine for the treatment of bovine respiratory disease and ovine respiratory disease associated with Mannheimia haemolytica.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thymalfasin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thymalfasin is a chemically synthesized version of thymosin alpha 1 that is identical to human thymosin alpha 1. Thymosin alpha 1 is an acetylated polypeptide. Thymosin alpha 1 is now approved in 35 developing countries for the treatment of Hepatitis B and C. It is also used to boost the immune response in the treatment of other diseases.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjuvant for influenza vaccine in elderly patients and as an adjuvant for both influenza and hepatitis B vaccines in chronic hemodialysis patients who failed to achieve adequate antibody titers from previous immunization.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Fenoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Phosphatidyl serine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Phosphatidyl serine (PS) is a phospholipid nutrient found in fish, green leafy vegetables, soybeans and rice, and is essential for the normal functioning of neuronal cell membranes and activates Protein kinase C (PKC) which has been shown to be involved in memory function. In apoptosis, phosphatidyl serine is transferred to the outer leaflet of the plasma membrane. This is part of the process by which the cell is targeted for phagocytosis. PS has been shown to slow cognitive decline in animal models. PS has been investigated in a small number of double-blind placebo trials and has been shown to increase memory performance in the elderly. Because of the potentail cognitive benefits of phosphatidylserine, the substance is sold as a dietary supplement to people who believe they can benefit from an increased intake.The dietary supplement was originally processed from bovine sources however Prion disease scares in the 1990s outlawed this process, and a soy-based alternative was adopted.
4. Indication:  Phosphatidylserine has demonstrated some usefulness in treating cognitive impairment, including Alzheimer's disease, age-associated memory impairment and some non-Alzheimer's dementias. More research is needed before phosphatidylserine can be indicated for immune enhancement or for reduction of exercise stress.
