DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OC-459
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OC000459 is under investigation for the treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. OC000459 has been investigated for the treatment of Bronchial Asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Reslizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reslizumab is a humanized interleukin-5 (IL-5) antagonist monoclonal antibody (IgG4 kappa) that is produced by recombinant DNA technology in murine myeloma non-secreting 0 (NS0) cells. IL-5 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that is responsible for the growth and differentiation, recruitment, activation, and survival of eosinophils [FDA Label]. Elevated levels of eosinophils increase the risk for asthma exacerbations, including both allergic forms and nonallergic forms of asthma where eosinophilia is prominent. By targeting the IL-5 and disrupting its signalling pathways, reslizumab aims to inhibit eosinophil maturation and promote programmed cell death [2].Asthma is a chronic respiratory disease that causes inflammation in the lungs with asthma attacks that lead to severe breathing difficulties. Patients often experience persistent or exacerbating symptoms overtime despite conventional first-line therapies available. Inflammation-predominant asthma, which is chatacterized by eosinophilic infiltration of airway mucosa and elevated levels of eosinophils in the blood, sputum and BAL fluid, is associated with an increased risk for recurrent exacerbation and asthma-related hospitalizations [3]. In four double-blind, randomized, placebo‑controlled trials in patients with severe asthma on currently available therapies, patients receiving reslizumab had fewer asthma attacks, and a longer time to the first attack compared to patients receiving placebo [FDA Label]. In addition, a significant improvement in lung function was seen, as measured by the volume of air exhaled by patients in one second [4]. Studies demonstrated that reslizumab was not effective in various asthma outcomes in patients without eosinophilia [1].Reslizumab was developed by Teva Pharmaceuticals. Approved by the FDA in March 2016, reslizumab is marketed under the brand name Cinqair for intravenous injection. It is injected once every four weeks via intravenous infusion. Cinqair is indicated as an add-on maintenance therapy for adults with severe asthma with an eosinophilic phenotype. It is approved for patients who have a history of severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) despite receiving their current asthma medicines. Reslizumab is marketed as Cinqaero in Europe.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the add-on maintenance treatment of patients with severe asthma aged 18 years and older with an eosinophilic phenotype.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Benralizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benralizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody of the isotype IgG1k immunoglobulin that specifically binds to the alpha chain of the interleukin 5 receptor (IL-5R) expressed on eosinophils and basophils.[2] It inhibits the binding of IL-5 as well as the hetero-oligomerization of the alpha and beta subunits of the IL-5R, thus blocking, signal transduction. Besides, it is an afucosylated IgG which gives it high affinity for the FcγRIIIα receptor in natural killer cells, macrophages and neutrophils.[1] Benralizumab, FDA approved on November 14, 2017, was developed by MedImmune, the AstraZeneca's global biologic research and development arm.[6]
4. Indication:  Benralizumab is indicated as a maintenance treatment of patients 12 years or older with severe asthma and an eosinophilic phenotype.[7] The pathology of severe asthma with eosinophilic phenotype is also denotated as TH2-high phenotype. The patients with this phenotype are characterized by the expression of IL-5 and IL-13, airway hyperresponsiveness, responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids, high serum IgE and eosinophilia in blood and airway. In the TH2-high phenotype, IL-5 presents a central role as it is responsible for eosinophil differentiation, survival, activation and migration to the lungs.[3]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mepolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mepolizumab is a humanized IL-5 antagonist monoclonal antibody produced by recombinant DNA technology in Chinese hamster ovary cells. It has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kDa. It was approved by the FDA in November, 2015 for the treatment of asthma under the brand name Nucala (marketed by GlaxoSmithKline). Mepolizumab has been investigated in the treatment of severe nasal polyposis, among numerous other conditions.
4. Indication:  Mepolizumab is indicated for add-on maintenance treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma, as identified by blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 150 cells/μl at initiation of treatment or blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 300 cells/μl in the past 12 months, in patients aged 12 years and older. Mepolizumab has been shown to reduce exacerbations of asthma in patients with an exacerbation history
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Demeclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat Lyme disease, acne, and bronchitis. Also indicated (but rarely used) to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, malaria, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. One of its other registered uses is the treatment of hyponatremia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
