DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OC-459
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OC000459 is under investigation for the treatment of Severe Eosinophilic Asthma. OC000459 has been investigated for the treatment of Bronchial Asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Reslizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reslizumab is a humanized interleukin-5 (IL-5) antagonist monoclonal antibody (IgG4 kappa) that is produced by recombinant DNA technology in murine myeloma non-secreting 0 (NS0) cells. IL-5 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that is responsible for the growth and differentiation, recruitment, activation, and survival of eosinophils [FDA Label]. Elevated levels of eosinophils increase the risk for asthma exacerbations, including both allergic forms and nonallergic forms of asthma where eosinophilia is prominent. By targeting the IL-5 and disrupting its signalling pathways, reslizumab aims to inhibit eosinophil maturation and promote programmed cell death [2].Asthma is a chronic respiratory disease that causes inflammation in the lungs with asthma attacks that lead to severe breathing difficulties. Patients often experience persistent or exacerbating symptoms overtime despite conventional first-line therapies available. Inflammation-predominant asthma, which is chatacterized by eosinophilic infiltration of airway mucosa and elevated levels of eosinophils in the blood, sputum and BAL fluid, is associated with an increased risk for recurrent exacerbation and asthma-related hospitalizations [3]. In four double-blind, randomized, placebo‑controlled trials in patients with severe asthma on currently available therapies, patients receiving reslizumab had fewer asthma attacks, and a longer time to the first attack compared to patients receiving placebo [FDA Label]. In addition, a significant improvement in lung function was seen, as measured by the volume of air exhaled by patients in one second [4]. Studies demonstrated that reslizumab was not effective in various asthma outcomes in patients without eosinophilia [1].Reslizumab was developed by Teva Pharmaceuticals. Approved by the FDA in March 2016, reslizumab is marketed under the brand name Cinqair for intravenous injection. It is injected once every four weeks via intravenous infusion. Cinqair is indicated as an add-on maintenance therapy for adults with severe asthma with an eosinophilic phenotype. It is approved for patients who have a history of severe asthma attacks (exacerbations) despite receiving their current asthma medicines. Reslizumab is marketed as Cinqaero in Europe.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the add-on maintenance treatment of patients with severe asthma aged 18 years and older with an eosinophilic phenotype.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Vonoprazan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vonoprazan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Erosive Esophagitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Benralizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benralizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody of the isotype IgG1k immunoglobulin that specifically binds to the alpha chain of the interleukin 5 receptor (IL-5R) expressed on eosinophils and basophils.[2] It inhibits the binding of IL-5 as well as the hetero-oligomerization of the alpha and beta subunits of the IL-5R, thus blocking, signal transduction. Besides, it is an afucosylated IgG which gives it high affinity for the FcγRIIIα receptor in natural killer cells, macrophages and neutrophils.[1] Benralizumab, FDA approved on November 14, 2017, was developed by MedImmune, the AstraZeneca's global biologic research and development arm.[6]
4. Indication:  Benralizumab is indicated as a maintenance treatment of patients 12 years or older with severe asthma and an eosinophilic phenotype.[7] The pathology of severe asthma with eosinophilic phenotype is also denotated as TH2-high phenotype. The patients with this phenotype are characterized by the expression of IL-5 and IL-13, airway hyperresponsiveness, responsiveness to inhaled corticosteroids, high serum IgE and eosinophilia in blood and airway. In the TH2-high phenotype, IL-5 presents a central role as it is responsible for eosinophil differentiation, survival, activation and migration to the lungs.[3]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Magaldrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Magaldrate is an antacid drug used for the treatment of esophagitis, duodenal and gastric ulcers, and gastroesophageal reflux. Magaldrate has been discontinued in the US market.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mepolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mepolizumab is a humanized IL-5 antagonist monoclonal antibody produced by recombinant DNA technology in Chinese hamster ovary cells. It has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kDa. It was approved by the FDA in November, 2015 for the treatment of asthma under the brand name Nucala (marketed by GlaxoSmithKline). Mepolizumab has been investigated in the treatment of severe nasal polyposis, among numerous other conditions.
4. Indication:  Mepolizumab is indicated for add-on maintenance treatment of severe eosinophilic asthma, as identified by blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 150 cells/μl at initiation of treatment or blood eosinophils greater than or equal to 300 cells/μl in the past 12 months, in patients aged 12 years and older. Mepolizumab has been shown to reduce exacerbations of asthma in patients with an exacerbation history
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dexlansoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexlansoprazole is an oral delayed-release drug for the treatment of erosive esophagitis and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease for adult patients as well as patients aged 12-17. Approved in 2009 by FDA, it is available as a delayed-release capsule and delayed-release orally disintegrating tablets (SoluTab). Dexlansoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor and R-enantiomer of lansoprazole. Its dual-delivery system is intended for extended plasma concentration and therapeutic effects, in comparison to other single-release proton pump inhibitors. Capsule formulation of dexlansoprazole also allows dosing at any time of the day without regard to meals [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for healing all grades of erosive esophagitis (EE), maintaining and healing of EE and relief of heartburn, and treating heartburn associated with symptomatic non-erosive gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pantoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor drug used for short-term treatment of erosion and ulceration of the esophagus caused by gastroesophageal reflux disease.
4. Indication:  Short-term (up to 16 weeks) treatment of erosive esophagitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Spiramycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spiramycin is a macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against gram-positive organisms, including Streptococcus pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), S. viridans, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide. It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens. As a preparation for oral administration it has been used since 1955, in 1987 also the parenteral form was introduced into practice.The antibacterial spectrum comprises Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium species. Enterobacteria, pseudomonads and pathogenic moulds are resistant. Its action is mainly bacteriostatic, on highly sensitive strains it exerts a bactericide action.
4. Indication:  Macrolide antibiotic for treatment of various infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lansoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lansoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor which prevents the stomach from producing acid. It is manufactured by TAP Pharmaceutical Products. Lansoprazole has been marketed for many years and is one of several PPI's available.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Alendronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alendronic acid (alendronate) is a nitrogen-containing, second generation bisphosphonate. Bisphosphonates were first used to treat Paget’s disease in 1971. This class of medications is comprised of inorganic pyrophosphate analogues that contain non-hydrolyzable P-C-P bonds. Similar to other bisphosphonates, alendronate has a high affinity for bone mineral and is taken up during osteoclast resorption. Alendronate inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, one of the enzymes in the mevalonic acid pathway involved in producing isoprenoid compounds that are essential for post-translational modification of small guanosine triphosphate (GTP)-binding proteins, such as Rho, Ras and Rab. Inhibition of this process interferes with osteoclast function and survival. Alendronate is used for the treatment of osteoporosis and Paget’s disease. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Esomeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and zollinger-ellison syndrome. The drug inhibits the H(+)-K(+)-ATPase (H(+)-K(+)-exchanging ATPase) in the proton pump of gastric parietal cells. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Omeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H+/K+ ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell.
4. Indication:  Omeprazole is indicated for the treatment of duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD, erosive esophagitis, and long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions like Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas, and systemic mastocytosis. 
