DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Trimethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant effective in absence seizures, but generally reserved for refractory cases because of its toxicity. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p378)
4. Indication:  Used in the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Beclamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Beclamide (N-benzyl-B-chloropropionamide) is a drug that possesses anticonvulsant activity. It is no longer used. It has been used as a sedative and as an anticonvulsant. It was studied in the 1950s for its anticonvulsant properties, as a treatment for generalised tonic-clonic seizures. It was not effective for absence seizures.
4. Indication:  Has been used in the management of epilepsy and epilepsy related behavioural disorders. It was used for generalised tonic-clonic seizures, and was not effective for absence seizures.More recently focus has shifted to the use of beclamide in behavioural disorders. In mentally handicapped epileptic patients it has been found to decrease anxiety, antisocial and demanding behaviours, and impulsivity. Mood stabilizing effects were also noted. [2]Additionally, due to its effects on monoamines, beclamide may have a potential place in treating conditions such as tardive dyskinesia and hyperkinetic syndromes. [2]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ethosuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant especially useful in the treatment of absence seizures unaccompanied by other types of seizures. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of petit mal epilepsy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Phensuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phensuximide is an anticonvulsant in the succinimide class. It suppresses the paroxysmal three cycle per second spike and wave EEG pattern associated with lapses of consciousness in petit mal seizures. The frequency of attacks is reduced by depression of nerve transmission in the motor cortex.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ICA-105665
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ICA-105665 is a novel small molecule compound for the treatment of epilepsy. It is a novel opener of the KCNQ ion channel which in preclinical studies has demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity in models of epilepsy. In addition, ICA-105665 has also demonstrated activity in certain models of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methsuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mesuximide (or methsuximide) is an anticonvulsant medication. It is sold by Pfizer under the name Petinutin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to other drugs.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Valproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valproic acid, supplied as the sodium salt valproate semisodium or divalproex sodium, is a fatty acid with anticonvulsant properties used in the treatment of epilepsy. The mechanisms of its therapeutic actions are not well understood. It may act by increasing gamma-aminobutyric acid levels in the brain or by altering the properties of voltage dependent sodium channels. Typically supplied in the sodium salt form (CAS number: 76584-70-8). Valproic Acid is also a histone deacetylase inhibitor and is under investigation for treatment of HIV and various cancers.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of seizure disorders, mania, and prophylactic treatment of migraine headache. In epileptics, valproic acid is used to control absence seizures, tonic-clonic seizures (grand mal), complex partial seizures, and the seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lamotrigine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. In the US, lamotrigine is available as oral tablets under the market name Lamictal. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. While lamotrigine is primarily indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that it could have some clinical efficacy in some neuropathic pain states. Lamotrigine is also used as an off-label drug in treating other neurologic and psychiatric pathologies like borderline personality disorder [6]. The exact mechanism of action of lamotrigine is not fully elucidated, as it may have multiple cellular actions that contribute to its broad clinical efficacy.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy for the following seizure types in patients ≥2 years of age: partial seizures/primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures/generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome [FDA Label].Indicated for conversion to monotherapy in adults (≥16 years of age) with partial seizures who are receiving treatment with carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, or valproate as the single antiepileptic drug (AED)[FDA Label]. Indicated for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder to delay the time to occurrence of mood episodes (depression, mania, hypomania, mixed episodes) in adults (≥18 years of age) treated for acute mood episodes with standard therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Clonazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used for several types of seizures, including myotonic or atonic seizures, photosensitive epilepsy, and absence seizures, although tolerance may develop. It is seldom effective in generalized tonic-clonic or partial seizures. The mechanism of action appears to involve the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Clonazepam is used as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (petit mal variant), akinetic and myoclonic seizures. It can also be used for the treatment of panic disorders. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fludeoxyglucose F-18
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fludeoxyglucose F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical containing no-carrier added radioactive 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-D-g1ucose, which is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with Positron Emission Tomography (PET). It is administered by intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  The uptake of 18F-FDG by tissues is a marker for the tissue uptake of glucose, which in turn is closely correlated with certain types of tissue metabolism.Fludeoxyglucose F 18 Injection is indicated in positron emission tomography (PET) imaging for assessment of abnormal glucose metabolism to assist in the evaluation of malignancy in patients with known or suspected abnormalities found by other testing modalities, or in patients with an existing diagnoses of cancer. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DP-VPA
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-VPA is D-Pharm's proprietary lipid modified version of valproic acid (VPA) that demonstrate that DP-VPA is well-tolerated in patients with resistant epilepsy and has a marked effect on reducing seizure frequency.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders, epilepsy, and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Seletracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Seletracetam is a pyrrolidone derivative and with a structural similarity to newer generation antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. It binds to the same target as levetiracetam but with higher affinity and has shown potent seizure suppression in models of acquired and genetic epilepsy with high CNS tolerability. It is predicted to have low drug-drug interactions and inhibition or induction of any major human metabolizing enzymes. Seletracetam was in Phase II clinical trials under the supervision of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) investigated as treatment of epilepsy and partial epilepsy however its development had been put on hold in July 2007. As of 2010, its production was further halted due to the investigation of a newer antiepileptic agent, brivaracetam.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Remacemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy, huntington's disease, and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  N,N-dimethylglycine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Progabide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Progabide is an analog and prodrug of gamma-aminobutyric acid. It is commonly used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has agonistic activity for both the GABAA and GABAB receptors. Progabide has been investigated for many diseases besides epilepsy, including Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, clinical depression and anxiety disorder with varying success.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Levetiracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levetiracetam is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. Levetiracetam may selectively prevent hypersynchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. Levetiracetam binds to the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A, which is thought to be involved in the regulation of vesicle exocytosis. Although the molecular significance of levetiracetam binding to synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is not understood, levetiracetam and related analogs showed a rank order of affinity for SV2A which correlated with the potency of their antiseizure activity in audiogenic seizure-prone mice.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults and children 4 years of age and older with epilepsy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ganaxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pediatric indications and seizure disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Muscimol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Muscimol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Epilepsy and Parkinson's Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Mephenytoin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants. It is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Molybdenum Cofactor
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Absence of molybdenum cofactor leads to accumulation of toxic levels of sulphite and neurological damage usually leading to death within months of birth, due to the lack of active sulfite oxidase.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  NCX 1022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX is an NO-releasing derivative of hydrocortisone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Vinpocetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vinpocetine has been investigated for the treatment of Epilepsy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
