DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Equilin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of four double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of euilin is found in the urine of pregnant mares. [PubChem]Equilin is one of the estrogens present in the mixture of estrogens isolated from horse urine and marketed as Premarin. Premarin became the most commonly used form of estrogen for hormone replacement therapy in the United States of America. Estrone is the major estrogen in Premarin (about 50%) and equilin is present as about 25% of the total. Estrone is a major estrogen that is normally found in women. Equilin is not normally present in women, so there has been interest in the effects of equilin on the human body. [Wikipedia]The estrogens in Premarin are present mainly as "conjugates", modified chemical forms in which the active estrogen is coupled to another chemical group such as sulfate. Estrone sulfate is usually the major form of estrogen in women. After being taken into a woman's body, the conjugated estrogens of Premarin are converted to the active unconjugated estrogens or excreted from the woman's body. Estrone can be converted to estradiol, which is thought to be the major active estrogen in women. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, atrophic vaginitis, osteoporosis, hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, primary ovarian failure, breast cancer (for palliation only), and Advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only)
