DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sacituzumab govitecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sacituzumab govitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Cervical Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Esophageal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Somatostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Somatostatin is a synthetic cyclic 14 amino acid peptide (identical in structure and activity to naturally occurring somatostatin). Naturally occurring somatostatin (also known as growth hormone-inhibiting hormone) is a peptide hormone that regulates the endocrine system and affects neurotransmission and cell proliferation via interaction with G protein-coupled somatostatin receptors and inhibition of the release of numerous secondary hormones. Somatostatin inhibits insulin and glucagon secretion.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of acute bleeding from esophageal varices. Other treatment options for long-term management of the condition may be considered if necessary, once initial control has been established.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Canertinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Canertinib is a pan-erbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor which work against esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Canertinib treatment significantly affects tumour metabolism, proliferation and hypoxia as determined by PET.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and lung cancer.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ramucirumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramucirumab is a human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), a type II trans-membrane tyrosine kinase receptor expressed on endothelial cells. By binding to VEGFR2, ramucirumab prevents binding of its ligands (VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and VEGF-D), thereby preventing VEGF-stimulated receptor phosphorylation and downstream ligand-induced proliferation, permeability, and migration of human endothelial cells. VEGFR stimulation also mediates downstream signalling required for angiogenesis and is postulated to be heavily involved in cancer progression, making it a highly likely drug target. In contrast to other agents directed against VEGFR-2, ramucirumab binds a specific epitope on the extracellular domain of VEGFR-2, thereby blocking all VEGF ligands from binding to it. Ramucirumab is indicated for us in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  For use in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  INGN 201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INGN 201(Advexin) is a replication-impaired adenoviral vector that carries the p53 gene, has been evaluated in both preclinical and clinical trials. Advexin is a well-tolerated and efficacious treatment for numerous cancers, both as monotherapy and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bladder cancer, brain cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck cancer, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Diloxanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diloxanide furoate is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.
4. Indication:  Diloxanide is used alone as a primary agent in the treatment of asymptomatic (cyst passers) intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica. Diloxanide may also be used concurrently, or sequentially, with other agents such as the nitroimidazoles (eg. metronidazole) in the treatment of invasive or extraintestinal forms of amebiasis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  9-aminocamptothecin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminocamptothecin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Gastric Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, and Ovarian Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Domperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of dyspepsia, heartburn, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Metoclopramide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2 antagonist that is used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Alvocidib
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Alvocidib is a synthetic flavonoid based on an extract from an Indian plant for the potential treatment of cancer. It works by inhibiting cyclin-dependent kinases, arresting cell division and causing apoptosis in non-small lung cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in esophageal cancer, leukemia (lymphoid), lung cancer, liver cancer, and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Edotecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Edotecarin is a novel, non-camptothecin, DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor. It is member of the class of compounds called indolocarbazoles.
4. Indication:  Clinical studies with edotecarin have shown activity in subjects with colorectal cancer, esophageal cancer and other solid tumors.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Micafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, as well as esophageal candidiasis, and prophylaxis of Candida infections in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Micafungin is also used as an alternative for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiases and has been used with some success as primary or salvage therapy, alone or in combination with other antifungals, for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tesevatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesevatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Brain Metastases, Esophageal Cancer, and Leptomeningeal Metastases, among others.Tesevatinib is a potent inhibitor of multiple RTKs implicated in driving tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization (blood vessel formation). Tesevatinib inhibits the EGF, HER2, and VEGF RTKs, each of which is a target of currently approved cancer therapies. In addition, tesevatinib inhibits EphB4, an RTK that is highly expressed in many human tumors and plays a role in promoting angiogenesis. In a broad array of preclinical tumor models including breast, lung, colon and prostate cancer, XL647 demonstrated potent inhibition of tumor growth and causes tumor regression. In cell culture models, tesevatinib retains significant potency against mutant EGFRs that are resistant to current EGFR inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fluorouracil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrimidine analog that is an antineoplastic antimetabolite. It interferes with DNA synthesis by blocking the thymidylate synthetase conversion of deoxyuridylic acid to thymidylic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of multiple actinic or solar keratoses. In the 5% strength it is also useful in the treatment of superficial basal cell carcinomas when conventional methods are impractical, such as with multiple lesions or difficult treatment sites. Fluorouracil injection is indicated in the palliative management of some types of cancer, including colon, esophageal, gastric, rectum, breast, biliary tract, stomach, head and neck, cervical, pancreas, renal cell, and carcinoid.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Caspofungin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caspofungin (brand name Cancidas worldwide) is an antifungal drug, the first of a new class termed the echinocandins from Merck & Co., Inc. It shows activity against infections with Aspergillus and Candida, and works by inhibiting β(1,3)-D-Glucan of the fungal cell wall. Caspofungin is administered intravenously.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis in patients who are refractory to or intolerant of other therapies.
