DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ramucirumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramucirumab is a human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), a type II trans-membrane tyrosine kinase receptor expressed on endothelial cells. By binding to VEGFR2, ramucirumab prevents binding of its ligands (VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and VEGF-D), thereby preventing VEGF-stimulated receptor phosphorylation and downstream ligand-induced proliferation, permeability, and migration of human endothelial cells. VEGFR stimulation also mediates downstream signalling required for angiogenesis and is postulated to be heavily involved in cancer progression, making it a highly likely drug target. In contrast to other agents directed against VEGFR-2, ramucirumab binds a specific epitope on the extracellular domain of VEGFR-2, thereby blocking all VEGF ligands from binding to it. Ramucirumab is indicated for us in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  For use in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sacituzumab govitecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sacituzumab govitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Cervical Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Esophageal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Somatostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Somatostatin is a synthetic cyclic 14 amino acid peptide (identical in structure and activity to naturally occurring somatostatin). Naturally occurring somatostatin (also known as growth hormone-inhibiting hormone) is a peptide hormone that regulates the endocrine system and affects neurotransmission and cell proliferation via interaction with G protein-coupled somatostatin receptors and inhibition of the release of numerous secondary hormones. Somatostatin inhibits insulin and glucagon secretion.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of acute bleeding from esophageal varices. Other treatment options for long-term management of the condition may be considered if necessary, once initial control has been established.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Canertinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Canertinib is a pan-erbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor which work against esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Canertinib treatment significantly affects tumour metabolism, proliferation and hypoxia as determined by PET.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and lung cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  INGN 201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INGN 201(Advexin) is a replication-impaired adenoviral vector that carries the p53 gene, has been evaluated in both preclinical and clinical trials. Advexin is a well-tolerated and efficacious treatment for numerous cancers, both as monotherapy and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bladder cancer, brain cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck cancer, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Magnesium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form.Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke supressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant.It can also be used topically as an antiperspirant underarm deodorant or for relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative depending on the administered dose.As an antacid, it is used for the temporary relief of heartburn, upset stomach, sour stomach or acid indigestion.As a laxative, it is used for the relief of occasional constipation by promoting bowel movements for 30 minutes and up to 6 hours.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  9-aminocamptothecin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminocamptothecin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Gastric Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, and Ovarian Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Axitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Axitinib is an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3. Axitinib is marketed under the name Inlyta®, and if one previous systemic therapy for kidney cell cancer has failed, axitinib is indicated.
4. Indication:  Used in kidney cell cancer and investigated for use/treatment in pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Domperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of dyspepsia, heartburn, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alvocidib
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Alvocidib is a synthetic flavonoid based on an extract from an Indian plant for the potential treatment of cancer. It works by inhibiting cyclin-dependent kinases, arresting cell division and causing apoptosis in non-small lung cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in esophageal cancer, leukemia (lymphoid), lung cancer, liver cancer, and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Metoclopramide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2 antagonist that is used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Valrubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Valrubicin (N-trifluoroacetyladriamycin-14-valerate, Valstar®) is a chemotherapy drug used to treat bladder cancer. Valrubicin is a semisynthetic analog of the anthracycline doxorubicin, and is administered by infusion directly into the bladder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer of the bladder.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Temsirolimus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Temsirolimus is an intravenous drug for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC), developed by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and approved by the FDA in late May 2007, and was also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) on November 2007. It is a derivative of sirolimus and is sold as Torisel.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Also investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), rheumatoid arthritis, and multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tesevatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesevatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Brain Metastases, Esophageal Cancer, and Leptomeningeal Metastases, among others.Tesevatinib is a potent inhibitor of multiple RTKs implicated in driving tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization (blood vessel formation). Tesevatinib inhibits the EGF, HER2, and VEGF RTKs, each of which is a target of currently approved cancer therapies. In addition, tesevatinib inhibits EphB4, an RTK that is highly expressed in many human tumors and plays a role in promoting angiogenesis. In a broad array of preclinical tumor models including breast, lung, colon and prostate cancer, XL647 demonstrated potent inhibition of tumor growth and causes tumor regression. In cell culture models, tesevatinib retains significant potency against mutant EGFRs that are resistant to current EGFR inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
