DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fasudil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasudil has been investigated in Carotid Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sacituzumab govitecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sacituzumab govitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Cervical Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Esophageal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Somatostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Somatostatin is a synthetic cyclic 14 amino acid peptide (identical in structure and activity to naturally occurring somatostatin). Naturally occurring somatostatin (also known as growth hormone-inhibiting hormone) is a peptide hormone that regulates the endocrine system and affects neurotransmission and cell proliferation via interaction with G protein-coupled somatostatin receptors and inhibition of the release of numerous secondary hormones. Somatostatin inhibits insulin and glucagon secretion.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of acute bleeding from esophageal varices. Other treatment options for long-term management of the condition may be considered if necessary, once initial control has been established.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ataciguat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ataciguat has been investigated for the basic science of Aortic Valve Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Canertinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Canertinib is a pan-erbB tyrosine kinase inhibitor which work against esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in vitro and in vivo. Canertinib treatment significantly affects tumour metabolism, proliferation and hypoxia as determined by PET.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and lung cancer.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ramucirumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramucirumab is a human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), a type II trans-membrane tyrosine kinase receptor expressed on endothelial cells. By binding to VEGFR2, ramucirumab prevents binding of its ligands (VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and VEGF-D), thereby preventing VEGF-stimulated receptor phosphorylation and downstream ligand-induced proliferation, permeability, and migration of human endothelial cells. VEGFR stimulation also mediates downstream signalling required for angiogenesis and is postulated to be heavily involved in cancer progression, making it a highly likely drug target. In contrast to other agents directed against VEGFR-2, ramucirumab binds a specific epitope on the extracellular domain of VEGFR-2, thereby blocking all VEGF ligands from binding to it. Ramucirumab is indicated for us in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  For use in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  INGN 201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INGN 201(Advexin) is a replication-impaired adenoviral vector that carries the p53 gene, has been evaluated in both preclinical and clinical trials. Advexin is a well-tolerated and efficacious treatment for numerous cancers, both as monotherapy and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bladder cancer, brain cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck cancer, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  9-aminocamptothecin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminocamptothecin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Gastric Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, and Ovarian Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Domperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of dyspepsia, heartburn, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alvocidib
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Alvocidib is a synthetic flavonoid based on an extract from an Indian plant for the potential treatment of cancer. It works by inhibiting cyclin-dependent kinases, arresting cell division and causing apoptosis in non-small lung cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in esophageal cancer, leukemia (lymphoid), lung cancer, liver cancer, and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Metoclopramide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2 antagonist that is used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Edotecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Edotecarin is a novel, non-camptothecin, DNA topoisomerase I inhibitor. It is member of the class of compounds called indolocarbazoles.
4. Indication:  Clinical studies with edotecarin have shown activity in subjects with colorectal cancer, esophageal cancer and other solid tumors.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tesevatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesevatinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Stomach Cancer, Brain Metastases, Esophageal Cancer, and Leptomeningeal Metastases, among others.Tesevatinib is a potent inhibitor of multiple RTKs implicated in driving tumor cell proliferation and tumor vascularization (blood vessel formation). Tesevatinib inhibits the EGF, HER2, and VEGF RTKs, each of which is a target of currently approved cancer therapies. In addition, tesevatinib inhibits EphB4, an RTK that is highly expressed in many human tumors and plays a role in promoting angiogenesis. In a broad array of preclinical tumor models including breast, lung, colon and prostate cancer, XL647 demonstrated potent inhibition of tumor growth and causes tumor regression. In cell culture models, tesevatinib retains significant potency against mutant EGFRs that are resistant to current EGFR inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Micafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Micafungin is an antifungal drug. It belongs to the antifungal class of compounds known as echinocandins and exerts its effect by inhibiting the synthesis of 1,3-beta-D-glucan, an integral component of the fungal cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of candidemia, acute disseminated candidiasis, and certain other invasive Candida infections, as well as esophageal candidiasis, and prophylaxis of Candida infections in patients undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Micafungin is also used as an alternative for the treatment of oropharyngeal candidiases and has been used with some success as primary or salvage therapy, alone or in combination with other antifungals, for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
