DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ACE393
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACE393 is an injectable vaccine designed to combat the bacterium Campylobacter jejuni, one of the greatest causes of bacterial diarrhoeal infections in the developed world.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diarrhea and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  NP-50301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NP-50301 is an ophthalmic therapeutic eye drop treating post-menopausal Dry Eye Syndrome (DES). It is being developed by Nascent Pharmaceuticals. It is estimated that about 30% of postmenopausal women suffer symptoms of DES, which accounts for over 12 million women in the U.S. The majority of sufferers of DES are postmenopausal women; and clinical research around the world has suggested the benefits of both topical and systemic estrogen therapy in the treatment of DES in this population.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Boric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Boric acid, also known as hydrogen borate, is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3. It is found as a component in cosmetics and pharmaceutical products in addition to industrial processes [4]. Boric acid can also be found in antiseptic products, as it exhibits antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis [1].
4. Indication:  No FDA- or EMA-approved therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  SCYX-7158
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SCYX-7158 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Trypanosomiasis, Parasitic Diseases, Protozoan Infections, and Trypanosomiasis, African.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Berberine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid from Hydrastis canadensis L., Berberidaceae. It is also found in many other plants. It is relatively toxic parenterally, but has been used orally for various parasitic and fungal infections and as antidiarrheal.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pyrantel
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyrantel is a pyrimidine-derivative anthelmintic agent for the oral treatment of various parasitic worm infections including ascariasis, hookworm infections, enterobiasis (pinworm infection), trichostrongyliasis, and trichinellosis [17].Pyrantel was initially described in 1965 by researchers from Pfizer who sought cyclic amidines with suitable pharmacokinetic properties (specifically, duration of action) for use as an anthelmintic drug. Pyrantel is mainly available in formulations for dogs and cats as the embonate salt, containing a 34.7% pyrantel base [14]. Pyrantel is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, which are the safest and most effective medicines required in a functioning health system [15], [16]. A depolarizing neuromuscular-blocking agent causing longstanding nicotinic receptor activation, resulting in spastic paralysis of susceptible nematodes (worms). Pyrantel has shown to be effective after a single dose [18].In humans, it is administered as pyrantel pamoate [3],[4],[8],[12].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enterobiasis including roundworm (ascariasis), pinworm (enterobius) and hookworm (strongyloides) and hookworm (ancylostoma) in the pyrantel pamoate form [8].Pyrantel is available in various formulations for humans, dogs, and cats as the pamoate (US Pharmacopeia nomenclature) or embonate (European Pharmacopoeia nomenclature) salt, which contains 34.7% pyrantel base combined with pamoic acid [8]. [14], [4].Pyrantel pamoate (embonate) ingested orally is effective for removal and control of ascarid and hookworm infections in puppies and dogs (adult Toxocara canis, Toxascaris leonina, Ancylostoma tubaeforme, An. braziliense, Uncinaria stenocephala), cats (adult Toxocara cati, Toxa. leonina, An. caninum, An. braziliense, U. stenocephala), horses and ponies (adult and immature Parascaris equorum, adult Strongylus vulgaris, S. edentatus, S. equinus, Cyathostomes (Triodontophorus spp., Cyathostomum spp., Cylicodontophorus spp., Cylicocyclus spp., Cylicostephanus spp., Poteriostomum spp.), Oxyuris equi, Anoplocephala perfoliata), swine (adult Ascaris suum, Oesophagostomum dentatum), and humans (adult A. lumbricoides, Enterobius vermicularis, An. duodenale, Necator americanus) [14].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol 400
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners [9].Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [7]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [10].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [10].
4. Indication:  PEG-400 has been indicated for the temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness of the eye, andfor protection against further irritation and desiccation [14], [15], [16].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Oxibendazole
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxibendazole is a polymerase inhibitor in phase III trials for the treatment of helminth intestinal infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Gramicidin D
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids. The peptides assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. The helix itself is not long enough to span the membrane but it dimerizes to form the elongated channel needed to span the whole membrane. Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is one of the three constituents of consumer antibiotic polysporin ophthalmic solution.
4. Indication:  For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  OT-551
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OT-551 is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for OT-551, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cataracts, eye disorders/infections, glaucoma, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tetryzoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetryzoline (also known as Tetrahydrozoline), a derivative of imidazoline, is found in over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Other derivatives include naphazoline, oxymetazoline, and xylometazoline. Johnson and Johnson manufactures tetryzoline eye drops under the brand Visine ®.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of discomfort and redness of the eye due to minor eye irritations.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Golotimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SCV-07 (g -D-glutamyl-L-tryptophan) is a novel synthetic dipeptide that acts broadly on the Toll-like receptor pathway. It has been shown to stimulate T-lymphocyte differentiation, macrocytic phagocytosis, and specific immune responses, and enhance IL-2 and INF-g production. Due to this preferential activation of Th1 cytokine production, SCV-07 may show utility in treatment of tuberculosis. It can be administered orally or subcutaneously. In independent studies, treatment of tuberculosis with SCV-07 improved clearance of mycobacteria, improved cavity healing, improvements in immune parameters and reduced symptoms (fever, weakness, sweating, dry cough, productive cough, dyspnea, chest pain, tachycardia) without any adverse local or general effects. SCV-07 has shown efficacy in treating various viral and bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C), infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), and tuberculosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dextran 70
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextrans are long-chain glucose polysaccharides of various relative molecular masse. Dextran 70 refers to the complex branched glucose polysaccharides with a relative molecular mass 70 000. Dextran 70 is used as a plasma-volume expander for restoration of circulatory volume during surgery, in hypovolaemic shock due to trauma and dehydration, or specific cases of haemorrhage, and prevention of postoperative deep-vein thrombosis. Dextran 70 is also found in eye drops as a lubricant. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Carboxymethylcellulose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carboxymethylcellulose is a cellulose derivative that consists of the cellulose backbone made up of glucopyranose monomers. Hydroxyl groups of the monomers are bound to carboxymethyl groups. It is often used as its sodium salt, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose. Commonly added in food products, it acts as a viscosity modifier or thickener and emulsifier. It is found in eye drops as a lubricant.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Asvasiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Astaxanthin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Astaxanthin is a keto-carotenoid in the terpenes class of chemical compounds. It is classified as a xanthophyll but it is a carotenoid with no vitamin A activity. It is present in most red-coloured aquatic organisms. Astaxanthin has shown to mediate anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. It may be found in fish feed or some animal food as a color additive.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and asthma.
