DrugId:  1
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PCL-016
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PCL-016 or Picolinic acid drug substance is a pyridine carboxylate metabolite of tryptophan. It acts as an anti-infective and immunomodulator and is produced in approximately 25-50 mg quantities by the body on a daily basis through the breakdown of tryptophan. PCL-016 plays a key role in zinc transport. As a therapeutic agent, the molecule works by binding to zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) in a way that changes their structures and disrupts zinc binding, inhibiting function. ZFPs are involved in viral replication and packaging as well as normal cell homeostatic functions. Picolinic acid has been shown to be an anti-viral in vitro and in vivo, and sometimes works in conjunction with other cytokines such as interferon gamma to affect immune responses. Acne vulgaris, herpes and other viral infections therefore pose potential therapeutic targets of PCL-016.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, herpes labialis infections (cold sores), and venereal disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  NP-50301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NP-50301 is an ophthalmic therapeutic eye drop treating post-menopausal Dry Eye Syndrome (DES). It is being developed by Nascent Pharmaceuticals. It is estimated that about 30% of postmenopausal women suffer symptoms of DES, which accounts for over 12 million women in the U.S. The majority of sufferers of DES are postmenopausal women; and clinical research around the world has suggested the benefits of both topical and systemic estrogen therapy in the treatment of DES in this population.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Boric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Boric acid is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3 that is often used as an antiseptic, insecticide, flame retardant, neutron absorber, preservative, pH buffer or precursor to other chemical compounds [Wikipedia]. Boric acid is added in food products and can also be found in antiseptic products. It also exhibits antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  PDPSC18
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PDPSC18 is therapeutic DNA vaccine designed to fight chronic infections with the Hepatitis B virus, entering phase I clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bavituximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bavituximab is a chimeric Anti-PS monoclonal antibody analog which is used to potentially treat cancers and viral infections. It binds to phosphatidylserine and other exposed host cell lipids when induced by cellular stress. Additional analogs in the class include 3G4, 2aG4, 9d2 and Hu3g4.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, hepatitis (viral, C), and solid tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  PRO-542
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 542 belongs to a new class of drugs, viral-entry inhibitor, which is intended to prevent HIV from entering and infecting cells. PRO 542 (CD4-immunoglobulin G2) is a tetravalent CD4-immunoglobulin fusion protein that broadly neutralizes primary HIV-1 isolates. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, HIV infection, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol 400
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners [9].Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [7]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [10].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [10].
4. Indication:  PEG-400 has been indicated for the temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness of the eye, andfor protection against further irritation and desiccation [14], [15], [16].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AVR118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVR118 represents a new type of biopolymer chemistry that also possesses novel immunomodulator activity. This non-toxic peptide-nucleic acid, which to date has shown no indication of human toxicity, appears to stimulate the proinflammatory responses required to combat viral infections such as AIDS and human papilloma virus and to dampen aberrant autoimmune-type inflammatory responses. AVR118 is being studied for the promise shown in its ability to mitigate the toxic side effects of other drugs (including those used to treat HIV infection and chemotherapeutic drugs employed in the treatment of cancers); for its ability to stimulate the immune system to attack tumor cells (especially those cancer cells that have been damaged by chemotherapeutic agents) and for its ability to treat cachexia (wasting) in patients with AIDS or cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  OT-551
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OT-551 is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for OT-551, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cataracts, eye disorders/infections, glaucoma, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tifuvirtide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tifuvirtide is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections and HIV infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gramicidin D
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids. The peptides assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. The helix itself is not long enough to span the membrane but it dimerizes to form the elongated channel needed to span the whole membrane. Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is one of the three constituents of consumer antibiotic polysporin ophthalmic solution.
4. Indication:  For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Valganciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valganciclovir hydrochloride (Valcyte, manufactured by Roche) is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus infections. As the L-valyl ester of ganciclovir, it is actually a prodrug for ganciclovir. After oral administration, it is rapidly converted to ganciclovir by intestinal and hepatic esterases.
4. Indication:  Valganciclovir is an antiviral medication used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus infections.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tetryzoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetryzoline (also known as Tetrahydrozoline), a derivative of imidazoline, is found in over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Other derivatives include naphazoline, oxymetazoline, and xylometazoline. Johnson and Johnson manufactures tetryzoline eye drops under the brand Visine ®.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of discomfort and redness of the eye due to minor eye irritations.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  PEG-Infergen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PEGylation is a technology for the chemical attachment of polyethylene glycol (PEG) polymer chains to a broad range of drug substances such as peptides and proteins including antibody fragments; small molecules, and other drugs. Infergen is a bio-engineered type I interferon alpha that is FDA-approved for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis C infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ribavirin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [10]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [5]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [5]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [7]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [6]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving Daclatasvir and Sofosbuvir, Eplusa (Sofosbuvir, Velpatasvir), Harvoni (Sofosbuvir, Ledipasvir), Simeprevir and Sofosbuvir, Viekira Pak (Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, Dasabuvir), Technivie (Ritonavir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir) and Zepatier (Elbasvir, Grazoprevir). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [10]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in combination with other antiviral agents with the intent to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Typically added to improve SVR and reduce relapse rates [6].The addition of ribavirin in Technivie therapy indicated for treating HCV genotype 1a and 4 infections is recommended in patients with or without cirrhosis. Resistance: viral genetic determinants resulting in variable response to ribavirin therapy has not been yet determined. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Zalcitabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dideoxynucleoside compound in which the 3'-hydroxyl group on the sugar moiety has been replaced by a hydrogen. This modification prevents the formation of 5' to 3' phosphodiester linkages, which are needed for the elongation of DNA chains, thus resulting in the termination of viral DNA growth. The compound is a potent inhibitor of HIV replication at low concentrations, acting as a chain-terminator of viral DNA by binding to reverse transcriptase. Its principal toxic side effect is axonal degeneration resulting in peripheral neuropathy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Human immunovirus (HIV) infections in conjunction with other antivirals.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Penciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Penciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpesvirus infections. It is a nucleoside analogue which exhibits low toxicity and good selectivity. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to treat recurrent cold sores on the lips and face from various herpesvirus invections.
