DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol 400
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners [9].Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [7]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [10].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [10].
4. Indication:  PEG-400 has been indicated for the temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness of the eye, andfor protection against further irritation and desiccation [14], [15], [16].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Suprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An ibuprofen-type anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic. It inhibits prostaglandin synthesis and has been proposed as an anti-arthritic. It is no longer approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as eye drops to inhibit the miosis (pupil constriction) that may occur during ocular surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gramicidin D
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids. The peptides assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. The helix itself is not long enough to span the membrane but it dimerizes to form the elongated channel needed to span the whole membrane. Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is one of the three constituents of consumer antibiotic polysporin ophthalmic solution.
4. Indication:  For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Zinc sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zinc sulfate is the inorganic compound with the formula ZnSO4 as well as any of three hydrates. It was historically known as "white vitriol". All of the various forms are colorless solids. The heptahydrate is commonly encountered. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medication needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  This medication is a mineral used to treat or prevent low levels of zinc.In medicine it is used together with oral rehydration therapy (ORT) and an astringent.Zinc Sulfate Injection, USP is indicated for use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for TPN. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tetryzoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetryzoline (also known as Tetrahydrozoline), a derivative of imidazoline, is found in over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Other derivatives include naphazoline, oxymetazoline, and xylometazoline. Johnson and Johnson manufactures tetryzoline eye drops under the brand Visine ®.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of discomfort and redness of the eye due to minor eye irritations.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Isoflurophate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor with actions similar to those of echothiophate. It is a powerful miotic used mainly in the treatment of glaucoma. Its vapor is highly toxic and it is recommended that only solutions in arachis oil be used therapeutically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p1330)
4. Indication:  For use in the eye to treat certain types of glaucoma and other eye conditions, such as accommodative esotropia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Neomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). Neomycin is a bactericidal aminoglycoside antibiotic that binds to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and acceptor tRNA sites and results in the production of non-functional or toxic peptides.
4. Indication:  Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dextran 70
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextrans are long-chain glucose polysaccharides of various relative molecular masse. Dextran 70 refers to the complex branched glucose polysaccharides with a relative molecular mass 70 000. Dextran 70 is used as a plasma-volume expander for restoration of circulatory volume during surgery, in hypovolaemic shock due to trauma and dehydration, or specific cases of haemorrhage, and prevention of postoperative deep-vein thrombosis. Dextran 70 is also found in eye drops as a lubricant. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Carboxymethylcellulose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carboxymethylcellulose is a cellulose derivative that consists of the cellulose backbone made up of glucopyranose monomers. Hydroxyl groups of the monomers are bound to carboxymethyl groups. It is often used as its sodium salt, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose. Commonly added in food products, it acts as a viscosity modifier or thickener and emulsifier. It is found in eye drops as a lubricant.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Povidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Providone is also known as polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) or polyvidone which is a synthetic water-soluble polymer made from the monomer N-vinylpyrrolidone. It is used as a binder in many pharmaceutical tablets and used in many technical applications with various roles such as an adhesive, additive, and emulsifier. It is also used in some eye drops as a lubricant. PVP added to iodine forms a complex called povidone-iodine that possesses disinfectant properties due to the presence of iodine, a bactericidal component. Providone-iodine can be found in solutions, ointment, pessaries, liquid soaps and surgical scrubs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Polymyxin B Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Polymyxin B sulfate is a mixture of polymyxins B1 and B2, obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Polymyxin B is used for infections with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic. All gram-positive bacteria, fungi, and the gram-negative cocci, N. gonorrhea and N. menigitidis, are resistant. It is appropriate for treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ketotifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an add-on or prophylactic oral medication in the chronic treatment of mild atopic asthmatic children. Also used as self-medication for the temporary relief of itching of the eye due to allergic conjunctivitis (ophthalmic).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ocriplasmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin with a molecular weight of 27.2 kDa produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Pichia pastoris expression system. Ocriplasmin is a protein made up of 249 amino acids and has two peptide chains. Agent for pharmacologic vitreolysis; thrombolytic agent. FDA approved in October 17, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ocriplasmin is a proteolytic enzyme indicated for the treatment for symptomatic vitreomacular adhesion. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hypromellose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hypromellose, or hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) [8], is a semisynthetic, inert, and viscoelastic polymer that forms a colloid solution when dissolved in water. It acts as a thickening agent, coating polymer, bioadhesive, solubility enhancer in solid dispersions, and binder in the process of granulation and in modified release formulations [2]. It is a commonly used as a delivery component in oral pharmaceutical products that provides the release of a drug in a controlled fashion, effectively increasing the duration of release of a drug to prolong its therapeutic effects [1]. Hypromellose is also found in eye drops as a lubricant [3].
4. Indication:  Protectant (ophthalmic) [4]Tears (artificial) [4]Lubricant (ophthalmic) [4]Diagnostic aid (contact lens procedures; gonioscopy) [4]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Echothiophate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of subacute or chronic angle-closure glaucoma after iridectomy or where surgery is refused or contraindicated.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Zucapsaicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zucapsaicin, the cis-isomer of capsaicin, is a topical analgesic used to treat osteoarthritis of the knee and other neuropathic pain. It is a modulator of transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV-1), also known as the vanilloid or capsaicin receptor 1, that reduces pain and improves articular functions. Zucapsaicin has also been tested for treatment of a variety of conditions associated with ongoing nerve pain. This includes herpes simplex infections; cluster headaches and migraine; and knee osteoarthritis. It was approved by the Health Canada in 2010 as topical cream marketed under the brand name Zuacta but currently not FDA-approved.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used in conjunction with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs for the relief of severe pain in adult patients with osteoarthritis of the knee, not controlled with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs alone, for a duration of no more than three months. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Bacitracin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy. Its unique name derives from the fact that the bacillus producing it was first isolated in 1943 from a knee scrape from a girl named Margaret Tracy. As a toxic and difficult-to-use antibiotic, bacitracin doesn't work well orally. However, it is very effective topically.Bacitracin is synthesised via the so-called nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), which means that ribosomes are not involved in its synthesis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infants with pneumonia and empyema caused by staphylococci shown to be susceptible to the drug. Also used in ointment form for topical treatment of a variety of localized skin and eye infections, as well as for the prevention of wound infections. Used against gram positive bacteria. Bacitracin is also used as an inhibitor of proteases and other enzymes.However, specific activity of bactracin's inhibition of protein disulfide isomerase has been called into question. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Physostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of glaucoma, and in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Polyvinyl alcohol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyvinyl alcohol is a water-soluble synthetic polymer obtained by polymerisation of vinyl alcohol. It has several different roles in commercial and industrial applications such as papermaking, textiles and printing. It is found in ophthalmic solutions as a lubricant to prevent further irritation or to relieve dryness of the eyes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
