DrugId:  1
1. Name:  iCo-007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  iCo-007 (formerly known as ISIS 13650) is a second generation antisense compound being developed by iCo for the treatment of various eye diseases caused by the formation of new blood vessels (angiogenesis) such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and diabetic retinopathy(DR).
4. Indication:  Various eye diseases
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol 400
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners [9].Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [7]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [10].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [10].
4. Indication:  PEG-400 has been indicated for the temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness of the eye, andfor protection against further irritation and desiccation [14], [15], [16].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Deutetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Deutetrabenazine is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated Tetrabenazine [5]. The presence of deuterium in deutetrabenazine increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound [5]. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability [2]. Decreased plasma fluctuations of deutetrabenazine due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with deutetrabenazine [1]. Deutetrabenazine is a racemic mixture containing RR-Deutetrabenazine and SS-Deutetrabenazine [FDA Label]. Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances [2] that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions [5]. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission [6]. Deutetrabenazine depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release [6]. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, deutetrabenazine is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease [7]. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of deutetrabenazine resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo [5]. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name Austedo as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  TG-100801
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TG100801 is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasivelyas an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tetryzoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetryzoline (also known as Tetrahydrozoline), a derivative of imidazoline, is found in over-the-counter eye drops and nasal sprays. Other derivatives include naphazoline, oxymetazoline, and xylometazoline. Johnson and Johnson manufactures tetryzoline eye drops under the brand Visine ®.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of discomfort and redness of the eye due to minor eye irritations.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dextran 70
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextrans are long-chain glucose polysaccharides of various relative molecular masse. Dextran 70 refers to the complex branched glucose polysaccharides with a relative molecular mass 70 000. Dextran 70 is used as a plasma-volume expander for restoration of circulatory volume during surgery, in hypovolaemic shock due to trauma and dehydration, or specific cases of haemorrhage, and prevention of postoperative deep-vein thrombosis. Dextran 70 is also found in eye drops as a lubricant. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Carboxymethylcellulose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carboxymethylcellulose is a cellulose derivative that consists of the cellulose backbone made up of glucopyranose monomers. Hydroxyl groups of the monomers are bound to carboxymethyl groups. It is often used as its sodium salt, sodium carboxymethyl cellulose. Commonly added in food products, it acts as a viscosity modifier or thickener and emulsifier. It is found in eye drops as a lubricant.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Povidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Providone is also known as polyvinylpyrrolidone (PVP) or polyvidone which is a synthetic water-soluble polymer made from the monomer N-vinylpyrrolidone. It is used as a binder in many pharmaceutical tablets and used in many technical applications with various roles such as an adhesive, additive, and emulsifier. It is also used in some eye drops as a lubricant. PVP added to iodine forms a complex called povidone-iodine that possesses disinfectant properties due to the presence of iodine, a bactericidal component. Providone-iodine can be found in solutions, ointment, pessaries, liquid soaps and surgical scrubs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ketotifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an add-on or prophylactic oral medication in the chronic treatment of mild atopic asthmatic children. Also used as self-medication for the temporary relief of itching of the eye due to allergic conjunctivitis (ophthalmic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hypromellose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hypromellose, or hydroxypropyl methylcellulose (HPMC) [8], is a semisynthetic, inert, and viscoelastic polymer that forms a colloid solution when dissolved in water. It acts as a thickening agent, coating polymer, bioadhesive, solubility enhancer in solid dispersions, and binder in the process of granulation and in modified release formulations [2]. It is a commonly used as a delivery component in oral pharmaceutical products that provides the release of a drug in a controlled fashion, effectively increasing the duration of release of a drug to prolong its therapeutic effects [1]. Hypromellose is also found in eye drops as a lubricant [3].
4. Indication:  Protectant (ophthalmic) [4]Tears (artificial) [4]Lubricant (ophthalmic) [4]Diagnostic aid (contact lens procedures; gonioscopy) [4]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  REV131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rEV131 is in development for allergic rhinitis, asthma and several inflammatory eye diseases. It is a topically delivered small protein that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction, allergic rhinitis, and cataracts.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitisinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitisinone is a synthetic reversible inhibitor of 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase. It is used in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1. It is sold under the brand name Orfadin.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary restriction of tyrosine and phenylalanine in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Stanozolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol is derived from testosterone, and has been abused by several high profile professional athletes. 
4. Indication:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating C1-inhibitor deficient hereditary angioedema. C1-inhibitor is a protease that inhibits the complement system (part of the innate immune system), a biochemical chain of reactions which assists the body in removing pathogens from the body. Stanozolol may help control attacks of hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol can be administered orally or intramuscularly. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Polyvinyl alcohol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyvinyl alcohol is a water-soluble synthetic polymer obtained by polymerisation of vinyl alcohol. It has several different roles in commercial and industrial applications such as papermaking, textiles and printing. It is found in ophthalmic solutions as a lubricant to prevent further irritation or to relieve dryness of the eyes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
