DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Kaolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kaolin is a layered silicate mineral. Kaolin is used in ceramics, medicine, coated paper, as a food additive, in toothpaste, as a light diffusing material in white incandescent light bulbs, and in cosmetics. Until the early 1990s it was the active substance of anti-diarrhoea medicine Kaopectate.
4. Indication:  Used for upset stomach and diarrhea, a traditional medicine used in China, South America and Africa. Kaolin is also used to treat AIDs-related diarrhea. Kaolin based bandages are also under investigation. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Desoximetasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid used in dermatoses, skin allergies, psoriasis, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LTX-109
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LTX-109 has been investigated for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis, Mild Eczema/Dermatoses, and Gram-positive, Skin Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hydrocortamate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydrocortamate is a synthetic glucocorticoid used for its anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressive properties to treat inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Glucocorticoids are a class of steroid hormones characterised by an ability to bind with the cortisol receptor and trigger a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic effects.
4. Indication:  Used topically as an antiinflammatory in the treatment of steroid-responsive dermatoses
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Clocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clocortolone is a medium potency corticosteroid that is often used as a topical cream for the relief of inflammatory oand pruritic (itching) arising from steroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.
4. Indication:  For short-term topical treatment of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of moderate to severe corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Sulisobenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulisobenzone is an active ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetic products that acts as a UV filter to prevent photodamage of the skin. It is thought to have minimal effect on the reproductive system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  MDX-018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-018, also known as HuMax-Inflam, is a fully human antibody that is directed to IL-8 (interleukin-8) and may have potential application in oncology and inflammation. Trials will initially focus on studies to treat glioblastoma, a cancer of the central nervous system. Other possible indications include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and pustular dermatoses. In pre-clinical studies, HuMax-Inflam has been shown to inhibit tumor growth in tumor models using primary human tumors in immunodeficient mice. HuMax-Inflam was also effective in reducing disease activity in palmoplantar pustulosis patients in a clinical study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Bufexamac
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bufexamac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) under the market name Paraderm and Parfenac. It is typically administered topically to treat skin irritations and conditions such as eczema and other inflammatory dermatoses. Its main mechanism of action is thought to be through inhibition of cyooxygenase enzyme.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diflorasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diflorasone is a topical corticosteroid used to treat itching and inflammation of the skin.
4. Indication:  For relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ulobetasol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulobetasol (as ulobetasol propionate) is thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2. It is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Brimonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brimonidine is a drug used to treat glaucoma. It acts via decreasing aqueous humor synthesis. A topical gel formulation, marketed under the name Mirvaso, was FDA approved on August 2013 for the treatment of rosacea.
4. Indication:  The ophthalmic solution is indicated for patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension to lower intraocular pressure. The topical gel is indicated for the treatment of persistent (nontransient) facial erythema of rosacea in adults 18 years or older. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prednicarbate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug. It is similar in potency to hydrocortisone. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ensulizole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ensulizole, also known as 2-phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid, is a water-soluble sunscreen agent that absorbs strongly at UV-B wavelengths. It is commonly found in cosmetic products and sunscreen formulas in combination with other UV filter compounds due to its minimal protection against UV-A wavelengths. Due to its water solubility, ensulizole is commonly used in products formulated to feel light and less oily [2]. It was demonstrated by studies that ensulizole treatment provided protection against cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers and photosensitized the formation of oxidized guanine bases after UV-A or UV-B exposure [1]. According to the FDA, the maximal approved concentration of ensulizole is 148 mM although concentrations ranging between 74 and 148mM can be found in commercial sunscreen products [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as an UV-B-absorbing molecule in sunscreen formulations. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
