DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Kaolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kaolin is a layered silicate mineral. Kaolin is used in ceramics, medicine, coated paper, as a food additive, in toothpaste, as a light diffusing material in white incandescent light bulbs, and in cosmetics. Until the early 1990s it was the active substance of anti-diarrhoea medicine Kaopectate.
4. Indication:  Used for upset stomach and diarrhea, a traditional medicine used in China, South America and Africa. Kaolin is also used to treat AIDs-related diarrhea. Kaolin based bandages are also under investigation. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sulisobenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulisobenzone is an active ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetic products that acts as a UV filter to prevent photodamage of the skin. It is thought to have minimal effect on the reproductive system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Brimonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brimonidine is a drug used to treat glaucoma. It acts via decreasing aqueous humor synthesis. A topical gel formulation, marketed under the name Mirvaso, was FDA approved on August 2013 for the treatment of rosacea.
4. Indication:  The ophthalmic solution is indicated for patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension to lower intraocular pressure. The topical gel is indicated for the treatment of persistent (nontransient) facial erythema of rosacea in adults 18 years or older. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ensulizole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ensulizole, also known as 2-phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid, is a water-soluble sunscreen agent that absorbs strongly at UV-B wavelengths. It is commonly found in cosmetic products and sunscreen formulas in combination with other UV filter compounds due to its minimal protection against UV-A wavelengths. Due to its water solubility, ensulizole is commonly used in products formulated to feel light and less oily [2]. It was demonstrated by studies that ensulizole treatment provided protection against cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers and photosensitized the formation of oxidized guanine bases after UV-A or UV-B exposure [1]. According to the FDA, the maximal approved concentration of ensulizole is 148 mM although concentrations ranging between 74 and 148mM can be found in commercial sunscreen products [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as an UV-B-absorbing molecule in sunscreen formulations. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Fluorescein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium, such as the aqueous humor, and is used therapeutically as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma. It has been approved by FDA for use in externally applied drugs and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 12th ed; American Medical Association Drug Evaluations; 1995, p2275)
4. Indication:  For diagnostic imaging. Primarily indicated in diagnostic fluorescein angiography or angioscopy of the fundus and of the iris vasculature.
