DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Kaolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kaolin is a layered silicate mineral. Kaolin is used in ceramics, medicine, coated paper, as a food additive, in toothpaste, as a light diffusing material in white incandescent light bulbs, and in cosmetics. Until the early 1990s it was the active substance of anti-diarrhoea medicine Kaopectate.
4. Indication:  Used for upset stomach and diarrhea, a traditional medicine used in China, South America and Africa. Kaolin is also used to treat AIDs-related diarrhea. Kaolin based bandages are also under investigation. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulisobenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulisobenzone is an active ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetic products that acts as a UV filter to prevent photodamage of the skin. It is thought to have minimal effect on the reproductive system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Brimonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brimonidine is a drug used to treat glaucoma. It acts via decreasing aqueous humor synthesis. A topical gel formulation, marketed under the name Mirvaso, was FDA approved on August 2013 for the treatment of rosacea.
4. Indication:  The ophthalmic solution is indicated for patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension to lower intraocular pressure. The topical gel is indicated for the treatment of persistent (nontransient) facial erythema of rosacea in adults 18 years or older. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ensulizole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ensulizole, also known as 2-phenylbenzimidazole-5-sulfonic acid, is a water-soluble sunscreen agent that absorbs strongly at UV-B wavelengths. It is commonly found in cosmetic products and sunscreen formulas in combination with other UV filter compounds due to its minimal protection against UV-A wavelengths. Due to its water solubility, ensulizole is commonly used in products formulated to feel light and less oily [2]. It was demonstrated by studies that ensulizole treatment provided protection against cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers and photosensitized the formation of oxidized guanine bases after UV-A or UV-B exposure [1]. According to the FDA, the maximal approved concentration of ensulizole is 148 mM although concentrations ranging between 74 and 148mM can be found in commercial sunscreen products [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as an UV-B-absorbing molecule in sunscreen formulations. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Docosanol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docosanol is a drug used for topical treatment for recurrent herpes simplex labialis episodes (episodes of cold sores or fever blisters). A saturated 22-carbon aliphatic alcohol, docosanol exhibits antiviral activity against many lipid enveloped viruses including herpes simplex virus (HSV). Docosanol inhibits fusion between the plasma membrane and the herpes simplex virus (HSV) envelope, thereby preventing viral entry into cells and subsequent viral replication.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of recurrent oral-facial herpes simplex episodes (cold sores or fever blisters).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Allantoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Allantoin is a substance that is endogenous to the human body and also found as a normal component of human diets [FDA Label]. In healthy human volunteers, the mean plasma concentration of allantoin is about 2-3 mg/l. During exercise, the plasma allantoin concentration rapidly increases about two fold and remains elevated [FDA Label]. In human muscle, urate is oxidized to allantoin during such exercise [FDA Label]. The concentration of allantoin in muscles increases from a resting value of about 5000 ug/kg to about 16000 ug/kg immediately after short-term exhaustive cycling exercise [FDA Label]. More specifically, allantoin is a diureide of glyoxylic acid that is produced from uric acid. It is a major metabolic intermediate in most organisms. Allantoin is found in OTC cosmetic products and other commercial products such as oral hygiene products, in shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, sun care products, and clarifying lotions [4]. Allantoin has also demonstrated to ameliorate the wound healing process in some studies [1].
4. Indication:  Allantoin is commonly applied in a variety of topical vehicles or applications such as cosmetic creams, toothpastes, mouthwashes, shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, and lotions [4] for the purpose of moisturizing skin, enhancing the smoothness of skin, stimulating the healing of wounds, and soothing irritated skin [4].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Octocrylene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octocrylene is an organic compound used as an ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetics.
4. Indication:  In the US, Octocrylene has been evaluated by the FDA and is considered safe for use up to 10% in the formula. Similarly, the EU allows its use up to 10% in a formula while Health Canada allows a maximum use level of 12%. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sulfur
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur is a chemical element that is present in all living tissues. After calcium and phosphorus, it is the third most abundant mineral in the human body. Sulfur is also found in garlic, onions and broccoli.People take sulfur by mouth for shortness of breath, allergies, swelling in the back of the throat (pharyngitis), high cholesterol, clogged arteries, menopause, and upper respiratory tract infections like the common cold. Sulfur seems to have an antibacterial activity. It has been also used for acne.
4. Indication:  Topically it is indicated for dandruff, acne, Hayfever, common cold, scaly and red skin patches (seborrheic dermatitis).Poison ivy, and sumac infections. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lanolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lanolin primarily consists of long chain waxy esters, or sterol esters, that lack glycerides. It is also called wool wax or wool grease, because it is a wax secreted by the sebaceous glands of wool-bearing animals, such as domestic sheep breeds raised for their wool. Lanolin is used in the protection, treatment and beautification of human skin. Its waterproofing properties can help skin treatment properties against infections or skin irritations as it helps seal out wetness. It is used as an active ingredient in OTC topical products such as ointments, lubricants, lotions and facial cosmetics. It is also frequently used in protective baby skin treatment and for sore nipples in breastfeeding mothers.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Deoxycholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deoxycholic acid is a a bile acid which emulsifies and solubilizes dietary fats in the intestine, and when injected subcutaneously, it disrupts cell membranes in adipocytes and destroys fat cells in that tissue. In April 2015, deoxycholic acid was approved by the FDA for the treatment submental fat to improve aesthetic appearance and reduce facial fullness or convexity. It is marketed under the brand name Kybella by Kythera Biopharma and is the first pharmacological agent available for submental fat reduction, allowing for a safer and less invasive alternative than surgical procedures. 
4. Indication:  For improvement in appearance of moderate to severe fullness associated with submental fat in adults. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ropinirole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, and is also one of two medications in the United States with an FDA-approved indication for the treatment of restless legs syndrome (the other being Pramipexole).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Also used for the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Barbexaclone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital. While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties. These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials. Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.
4. Indication:  Created for the treatment for epilepsy, with the intent of creating an antiepileptic with less sedative properties than phenobarbital. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Arbutin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Arbutin is a naturally occurring beta-D-glucopyranoside of hydroquinone that is extracted from the bearberry plant in the genus Arctostaphylos. As an inhibitor of tyrosinase activity in melanocytes, arbutin is used as a skin-lightening agent that prevents the melanin formation in various skin conditions involving cutaneous hyperpigmentation or hyperactive melanocyte function [1]. It has found to induce this effect in vitro at non-toxic concentrations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
