DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PYM50028
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cogane (PYM50028/P58, p59, p63) is a novel non-peptide, orally bioavailable neurotrophic factor inducer that readily reverses free radical neurotoxicity produced by 1-ethyl-4- phenylpyridium (MPP+) in dopaminergic neurones and reverses the decrease of neuronal growth factors and dopamine receptors in the brain. Pre-clinical work with Cogane showed it to be neuroprotective against betya-amyloid and glutamate damage which contributes to Alzheimer's disease and reverses the changes in the area of the brain involved in Parkinson’s disease.P58 is a protein synthesis stimulant acts by restoring levels of proteins that are altered in the ageing brain, reversing the loss of nerve receptors in the ageing brain and potentially allowing for the regrowth of neural connections. P58 therefore provides a totally novel mode of action with potential importance for diseases associated with ageing of the brain. P58 is one of a family of phytochemicals (Cogane) isolated from traditional treatments for the elderly that have previously been shown to offer significant benefit in the treatment of senile dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dilmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}
4. Indication:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Avanafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of erectile dysfunction in males. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Kaolin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kaolin is a layered silicate mineral. Kaolin is used in ceramics, medicine, coated paper, as a food additive, in toothpaste, as a light diffusing material in white incandescent light bulbs, and in cosmetics. Until the early 1990s it was the active substance of anti-diarrhoea medicine Kaopectate.
4. Indication:  Used for upset stomach and diarrhea, a traditional medicine used in China, South America and Africa. Kaolin is also used to treat AIDs-related diarrhea. Kaolin based bandages are also under investigation. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Afamelanotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Afamelanotide is an analog of the peptide hormone alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone (alpha-MSH) that tends to induce skin tanning. It is being developed by the Australian company Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals (previously known as EpiTan). Afamelanotide was approved in Europe in October, 2014 for the treatment of erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP). Clinuvel now intends to seek approval of afamelanotide in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis, keratoses, skin cell studies, and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sulisobenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulisobenzone is an active ingredient in sunscreens and cosmetic products that acts as a UV filter to prevent photodamage of the skin. It is thought to have minimal effect on the reproductive system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tanezumab has been investigated for the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Neuralgia, Postherpetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
