DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor IX Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Factor IX (or Christmas factor) is one of the serine proteases of the coagulation system; it belongs to peptidase family S1. Deficiency of this protein causes hemophilia B.
4. Indication:  Factor IX is used to treat Christmas disease. Factor IX deficiency is treated by injection factor IX produced from human plasma. Tranexamic acid may be of value in patients undergoing surgery who have inherited factor IX deficiency in order to reduce the perioperative risk of bleeding.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Prothrombin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prothrombin Complex Concentrate (Human), is indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients with acute major bleeding.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients receiving vitamin K antagonist therapy. Prothrombin is administered as part of a cocktail containing several coagulation factors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Factor XIII (human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Factor XIII (human) is a heat-treated, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor XIII, an endogenous enzyme responsible for the crosslinking of fibrin and an essential component of the coagulation cascade [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously produced coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 A-subunits and 2 B-subunits (A2B2)[2]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Factor XIII (human) include Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is a recombinant form of the A subunit of human coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Factor XIII (human), which is purified from pooled human plasma, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated [FDA Label].Factor XIII (Human), available as the commercially available product Corifact, is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for routine prophylactic treatment and peri-operative management of surgical bleeding in adult and pediatric patients with congenital FXIII deficiency [FDA Label]. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[2].
4. Indication:  Factor XIII (Human), available as the commercially available product Corifact, is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for routine prophylactic treatment and peri-operative management of surgical bleeding in adult and pediatric patients with congenital FXIII deficiency [FDA Label].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Coagulation factor X human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor X (Human), is a plasma-derived human blood coagulation factor is used by adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency. However its use is limited in the perioperative setting for the management of bleeding in major surgery in patients with moderate and severe hereditary Factor X deficiency. Coagulation Factor X is a vitamin K-dependent, liver-produced serine protease that serves as the first enzyme in the coagulation cascade to form fibrin. It is a two-chain glycoprotein with the molecular weight of approximately 59 kDa [2]. While Factor X normally circulates in the plasma as inactive molecules, the activation of Factor X is involved in both the intrinsic and extrinsic coagulation pathways. Inherited factor X deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive bleeding disorder that is estimated to occur in 1:1 000 000 individuals up to 1:500 carriers [1]. Administration of coagulation Factor X from healthy donor serves to restore and achieve effective hemostasis. Coagulation Factor X (Human) solution is approved by the FDA for intravenous injection under the market name Coagadex which contains normally 100 IU/mL of coagulation Factor X derived from healthy donors who have passed viral screening tests [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes, or for perioperative management of bleeding in patients with mild hereditary Factor X deficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ecallantide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ecallantide is a potent and selective human plasma kallikrein inhibitor that is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of hereditary angioedema. Ecallantide is a recombinant 60-amino-acid protein produced in Pichia pastoris yeast cells that contains three intramolecular disulfide bonds [FDA Label]. It was discovered by phage display technology [4]. It shares sequence similarities with the naturally occurring human protein tissue-factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI), which is also known lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor (LACI) [5]. The amino acid sequence of two compounds differ by seven amino acids [5]. Ecallantide works by blocking kallikrein to participate in the kallikrein-kinin system, which is a complex proteolytic cascade that initiates inflammatory and coagulation pathways [FDA Label]. The protease plasma kallikerin facilitates the conversion of kininogen to bradykinin, which is a pro-inflammatory vasodilator that increases vascular permeability and induces pain [1]. Hereditary angioedema is a rare autosomal dominant disorder with mutations to C1-esterase-inhibitor (C1-INH) located on Chromosome 11q, resulting in substantially lower levels of C4 and C1-INH activity [FDA Label]. The disorder is associated with recurrent attacks of severe swelling and is thought to be caused by unregulated activity of kallikrein and excessive bradykinin production [FDA Label]. By reversibly binding to plasma kallikrein, ecallantide displays a rapid on-rate and a slow off-rate that results in high affinity inhibition in the picomolar range [5]. Ecallantide is marketed by FDA and EMA under the trade name Kalbitor for subcutaneous injection. Apart from its FDA and EMA indication, ecallantide has been used off label in the management of nonhistaminergic angioedema, not due to HAE [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the symptomatic treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) in patients 12 years of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Factor IX Complex (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Factor IX Complex is a sterile, lyophilized concentrate composed of a number of Vitamin K-dependent clotting factors found in functioning human plasma. Also known as prothrombin complex concentrate, products containing this complex often include Factor IX (antihemophilic factor B), Factor II (prothrombin), Factor X (Stuart-Prower Factor), and low levels of Factor VII (proconvertin) derived from human plasma. Many commercially available products also contain low levels of other antithrombotic proteins. For example, Kcentra (FDA) also contains the antithrombotic proteins C and S, while Bebulin VH (FDA) contains heparin. Coagulation factors are purified from pooled human plasma and subsequently sterilized and treated. Although Factor IX Complex products contain many different coagulation components, Factor IX is the lead component for potency and efficacy, particularly when used for the treatment of bleeding associated with Hemophilia B (Factor IX deficiency). As the product Kcentra, Factor IX Complex is also indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients experiencing acute major bleeding or requiring rapid reversal of therapy.
4. Indication:  Factor IX Complex is indicated for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes in hemophilia B patients. It is also indicated for the urgent reversal of acquired coagulation factor deficiency induced by Vitamin K antagonist (VKA, e.g., warfarin) therapy in adult patients with acute major bleeding or who require rapid reversal of therapy. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Efmoroctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as Moroctocog alfa[1]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [1]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [1, 2]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [2]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and Antihemophilic factor human, which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [1]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[11]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [6].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [7, 8].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and Efmoroctocog alfa, which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [7].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  The human antihemophilic factor is indicated for the cases of hemophilia A, also known as classical hemophilia for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes.[12] If surgery is needed in patients with hemophilia A there is a need of correction of the clotting abnormality. In this cases, the human antihemophilic factor may be administered followed by intermittent maintenance doses.[11] The hemophilia A is characterized by the deficiency of the coagulation factor VIII that results in prolonged blood flow after injury or surgery as well as recurrent bleeding.[9]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor IX (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant Coagulation Factor IX is a purified Factor IX glycoprotein produced by recombinant DNA technology. It has a primary amino acid sequence that is identical to the Ala148 allelic form of human factor IX, and has structural and functional characteristics similar to those of endogenous factor IX. It is not derived from human blood (unlike human Factor IX complex), and is instead produced by a genetically engineered Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line that secretes recombinant Factor IX into cell medium that is then processed and purified for use as a pharmaceutical agent. Recombinant Factor IX is indicated for the control and prevention of bleeding episodes in adult and pediatric patients with congenital factor IX deficiency (Hemophilia B).
4. Indication:  For treatment of hemophilia (Christmas disease).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Emicizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emicizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody that mimics the function of the coagulation Factor VIII and it has the capacity to bind simultaneously to activated Factor IX and Factor X. The ability of Emicizumab to bind to all these three different factors allows it to overcome immunogenicity and unstable hemostatic efficacy produced by previous Factor VII agents. Emicizumab was originated as an improved form of hBS23 and it was approved on November 16, 2017, for the treatment of hemophilia A with factor VIII inhibitors.[1, 6] It was created by Chugai Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. and co-developed with Roche and Genentech.[5]
4. Indication:  The main function of Emicizumab is the prevention of bleeding episodes. Thus, Emicizumab is approved for the routine prophylaxis of patients with hemophilia A that present Factor VIII inhibitors. Hemophilia A is a deficiency of coagulation Factor VIII which causes a serious bleeding disorder. The standard treatment is done with the administration of recombinant or serum-deriver Factor VIII which induces the formation of anti-factor VIII alloantibodies (Factor VIII inhibitors) and renders the standard treatment ineffective.[2]
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eftrenonacog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [1]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [2]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [2]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all age with haemophilia B (congenital factor IX deficiency).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), also known as catridecacog, is a recombinant form of the Factor XIII-A2 homodimer composed of two factor XIII (FXIII) A-subunits [FDA Label]. For people with congenital deficiency or mutation of Factor XIII, a rare bleeding disorder, exogenous replacement of this key coagulation factor is essential for management and prevention of bleeding episodes. Also known as Fibrin Stabilizing Factor (FSF), Factor XIII is an endogenously available coagulation factor and the final enzyme within the blood coagulation cascade. Within the body, FXIII circulates as a heterotetramer composed of 2 catalytic A-subunits and 2 non-catalytic B-subunits (FXIII-A2B2) [4]. When activated by thrombin at the site of injury, the FXIII A2B2 pro-enzyme is cleaved resulting in activation of the catalytic A-subunit and dissociation from its carrier B-subunit. As a result, the active transglutaminase from subunit A cross-links fibrin and other proteins resulting in increased mechanical strength and resistance to fibrinolysis of the fibrin clot. This contributes to enhanced platelet and clot adhesion to injured tissue, thereby improving blood coagulation and maintenance of hemostasis [2].When supplied as the recombinant form, Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) binds to free human FXIII B-subunit resulting in a heterotetramer (rA2B2) with a similar activity profile and half-life as the endogenously available form. In patients with congenital factor XIII A-subunit deficiency, this product (marketed as Tretten) is indicated for the routine prophylaxis of bleeding. In these patients, activated rFXIII has been shown to increase the mechanical strength of fibrin clots, slow down fibrinolysis, and to enhance platelet adhesion to the site of injury. As the half-life of endogenous Factor XIII is long (5-11 days), prophylactic therapy with the replacement of FXIII can be given every 4-6 to maintain hemostasis[4]. Other drug products with similar structure and function to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) include Factor XIII (human), which is a purified endogenous (human) form of coagulation factor XIII. Compared to Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant), which is produced through recombinant DNA technology where the target protein is grown in yeast and then isolated, the human form is isolated from pooled human plasma.Coagulation Factor XIII A-Subunit (Recombinant) is available in the US as the commmercially available product Tretten, and in the EU as NovoThirteen. Tretten is manufactured as an intracellular, soluble protein in yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) production strain containing the episomal expression vector, pD16. It is subsequently isolated by homogenization of cells and purification by several chromatography steps, including hydrophobic interaction and ion exchange chromatography [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For routine prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with congenital factor XIII A-Subunit deficiency.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fibrinogen Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fibrinogen concentrate (human) is a hematological agent. It works by replacing a certain protein in the blood that helps with blood clotting.Fibrinogen (factor I) is a soluble plasma glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 340 kDa.It is a physiological substrate for three enzymes: plasmin, factor XIIIa and thrombin. it is indicated for the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Susoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous susoctocog alfa is a recombinant, B-domain deleted, porcine sequence antihaemophilic factor VIII (FVIII) product that has recently been approved for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired haemophilia A (AHA). AHA is a rare bleeding disorder that results in a prolonged clotting time as measured by the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) assay, a conventional in vitro test for biological activity of factor VIII. Patients with AHA have normal Factor VIII genes for coagulation pathways but develop inhibitory autoantibodies directed against Factor VIII. These autoantibodies neutralize circulating human factor VIII and create a functional deficiency of this procoagulant protein. Susoctocog alfa serves to temporarily restore the inhibited endogenous Factor VIII for effective hemostasis. In a global, prospective, controlled, multi-center Phase 2/3 open-label clinical trial, all patients responded to susoctocog alfa treatment within 24 hours [2]. Susoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein containing a 90 kDa heavy chain and a 80 kDa light chain with the naturally-occuring B domain replaced with a twenty-four amino acid linker.Susoctocog alfa was approved by the FDA in October 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Obizur for intravenous injection. It is the first recombinant porcine FVIII treatment approved for AHA that allows physicians to manage the treatment's efficacy and safety by measuring factor VIII activity levels in addition to clinical assessments [2]. The recombinant porcine sequence allows less susceptibility to inactivation by circulating human factor VIII antibodies.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired hemophilia A.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Conestat alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Simoctocog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simoctocog alfa is a recombinant B-domain deleted (BDD) rFVIII produced in genetically modified human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293F cells. The harvested product is concentrated and purified by a series of chromatography steps. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used as a replacement therapy in individuals with Haemophilia A who lack the factor VIII in the intrinsic pathway of blood coagulation system. As patients with haemophilia A are predisposed to episodes of recurrent bleeding [2], simoctocog alfa can be administered for the treatment or prevention of bleeding such as prior to surgical procedures.Simoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein consisting of 1440 amino acids with an approximate molecular mass of 170 kDa, comprising the FVIII domains A1-A2 + A3-C1-C2 whereas the B-domain, present in the full-length plasma-derived FVIII, has been deleted and replaced by a 16 amino acid linker. Simoctocog alfa is a fourth-generation BDD FVIII product made in the human embryonic kidney (HEK) cell line. Full human post-translational modifications via elimination of potentially immunogenic glycosylation patterns found in non-human cell lines led to decreased immunogenicity and longer half-life [1]. Simoctocog alfa is marketed in Europe under the trade name Nuwiq for intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all ages with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Mecasermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mecasermin contains recombinant-DNA-engineered human insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1). IGF-1 consists of 70 amino acids in a single chain with three intramolecular disulfide bridges and a molecular weight of 7649 daltons. The amino acid sequence of the product is identical to that of endogenous human IGF-1. The rhIGF-1 protein is synthesized in bacteria (E. coli) that have been modified by the addition of the gene for human IGF-1.
4. Indication:  For the long-term treatment of growth failure in pediatric patients with Primary IGFD or with GH gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to GH. It is not indicated to treat Secondary IGFD resulting from GH deficiency, malnutrition, hypothyroidism or other causes; it is not a substitute for GH therapy.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nonacog beta pegol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nonacog beta pegol is a recombinant coagulation factor IX derivative. It is produced without animal-derived materials and with an attached 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) molecule for peptide activation by a site-directed glycoPEGylation. Once activated, the activation molecule with PEG are cleaved to leave the activated factor IX (Factor IXa).[1] Nonacog beta pegol was developed by Novo Nordisk, obtained EMA marketing authorisation in June 6, 2017.[9]
4. Indication:  Nonacog beta pegol is indicated for the use in adults and children with hemophilia B for control and prevention of bleeding episodes, routine prophylaxis and perioperative management.[10] In the EMA approval, it is also indicated for on-demand treatment of bleeding episodes.[9] Hemophilia B is characterized by a deficiency in the coagulation factor IX which results in prolonged oozing after injuries and delayed or recurring bleeding prior wound healing. Hemophilia B patients present more frequent bleeding episodes during childhood and adolescence than in adulthood.[7]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Heparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.
4. Indication:  Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.
