DrugId:  1
1. Name:  rGLP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rGLP-1 is a continuous infusion of glucagon-like peptide 1, or GLP-1, targeted for the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF) in patients ineligible for transplant. GLP-1 is a naturally occurring hormone produced in the intestines in response to food intake.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure and diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Rolofylline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rolofylline is under clinical development by pharmaceutical company NovaCardia for the treatment of congestive heart failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tonapofylline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tonapofylline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure, Renal Insufficiency, and Congestive Heart Failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Darusentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Darusentan is a selective endothelin ETA receptor antagonist. It is being evaluated as a treatment for congestive heart failure and hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congestive heart failure and hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ABX-PTH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABX-PTH is a fully human monoclonal antibody generated by Abgenix's technology platform. This drug targets and neutralizes the action of parathyroid hormone (PTH) for the treatment of a secondary hyperparathyroidism.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic renal failure and parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Amrinone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amrinone (or inamrinone) is a type 3 pyridine phosphodiesterase inhibitor. It is used in the treatment of congestive heart failure.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sacubitril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacubitril is a prodrug neprilysin inhibitor used in combination with valsartan to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It was approved under the FDA's priority review process for use in heart failure on July 7, 2015.Sacubitril's active metabolite, LBQ657 inhibits neprilysin, a neutral endopeptidase that would typically cleave natiuretic peptides such as atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP), brain natriuretic peptide (BNP), and c-type natriuretic peptide (CNP). ANP and BNP are released under atrial and ventricle stress, which activate downstream receptors leading to vasodilation, natriuresis and diuresis. Under normal conditions, neprilysin breaks down other vasodilating peptides and also vasoconstrictors such as angiotensin I and II, endothelin-1 and peptide amyloid beta-protein. Inhibition of neprilysin therefore leads to reduced breakdown and increased concentration of endogenous natriuretic peptides in addition to increased levels of vasoconstricting hormones such as angiotensin II. 
4. Indication:  Used in combination with valsartan to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with chronic heart failure (NYHA Class II-IV) and reduced ejection fraction. It is usually administered in conjunction with other heart failure therapies, in place of an ACE inhibitor or other ARB.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Hydroflumethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p822)
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. Also used in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tolvaptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tolvaptan is used to treat low blood sodium levels (hyponatremia) associated with various conditions like congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormones (SIADH). FDA approved on May 19, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of symptomatic and resistant to fluid restriction euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia associated with congestive heart failure, SIADH, and cirrhosis. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Enoximone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enoximone is a selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor with vasodilating and positive inotropic activity that does not cause changes in myocardial oxygen consumption. It is used in patients with congestive heart failure. Trials were halted in the U.S., but the drug is used in various countries.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pegloticase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegloticase is a recombinant procine-like uricase drug indicated for the treatment of severe, treatment-refractory, chronic gout. Similarly to rasburicase, pegloticase metabolises the conversion of uric acid to allantoin. This reduces the risk of precipitate formation and development of gout, since allantoin is five to ten times more soluble than uric acid. In contrast to rasburicase, pegloticase is pegylated to increase its elimination half-life from about eight hours to ten or twelve days, and to decrease the immunogenicity of the foreign uricase protein. This modification allows for an application just once every two to four weeks, making this drug suitable for long-term treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic gout in adult patients refractory to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Trichlormethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Thrombin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Also known as coagulation factor II, thrombin is a serine protease that plays a physiological role in regulating hemostasis and maintaining blood coagulation. Once converted from prothrombin, thrombin converts fibrinogen to fibrin, which, in combination with platelets from the blood, forms a clot. Medical thrombin is a protein substance produced through a conversion reaction in which prothrombin of bovine origin is activated by tissue thromboplastin in the presence of calcium chloride. Thrombin requires no intermediate physiological agent for its action. It clots the fibrinogen of the blood directly. Failure to clot blood occurs in the rare case where the primary clotting defect is the absence of fibrinogen itself.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ivabradine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure. Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.
4. Indication:  Ivabradine's indication by the FDA is to reduce the risk of hospitalization for worsening heart failure in patients with stable, symptomatic chronic heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%, who are in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute and either are on maximally tolerated doses of beta-blockers or have a contraindication to beta-blocker use. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Digoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ouabain
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardioactive glycoside consisting of rhamnose and ouabagenin, obtained from the seeds of Strophanthus gratus and other plants of the Apocynaceae; used like digitalis. It is commonly used in cell biological studies as an inhibitor of the NA(+)-K(+)-exchanging ATPase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atrial fibrillation and flutter and heart failure
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sermorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sermorelin acetate is the acetate salt of an amidated synthetic 29-amino acid peptide (GRF 1-29 NH 2 ) that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH or GRF) consisting of 44 amino acid residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dwarfism, prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ulipristal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for the purposes of emergency contraception (Ella) and for the treatment of uterine fibroids (Fibristal). It is a derivative of 19-norprogesterone and has both antagonistic and partial agonist activity at the progesterone receptor. It also binds to glucocorticoid receptor, however compared to mifepristone (a progesterone receptor antagonist), ulipristal is more tolerable and has lower glucocorticoid activity and better binding affinity. Ulipristal is currently recommended as first line therapy for emergency contraception, due to improved efficacy and similar side effect profile as compared to the traditional use of levonorgestrel or the Yuzpe regimen. The exact mechanism of action for ulipristal is still currently debated, though there is evidence that it functions by inhibiting ovulation. A recent systematic review proclaimed that the majority of available evidence demonstrates an inhibitory effect on ovulation rather than a post-fertilization effect on the endometrium, which has been heavily debated due to ethical concerns related to abortion (Rosato et al, 2016).
4. Indication:  As the product Ella (available in Canada and the US), ulipristal is indicated for use as emergency contraception after unprotected intercourse or possible contraceptive failure when administered within 120 hours (5 days) after unprotected intercourse or a known or suspected contraceptive failure. As the product Fibristal (available in Canada), ulipristal is indicated for treatment of the signs and symptoms of uterine fibroids in adult women.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  AP5280
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AP5280 is a novel N-(2-hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide (HPMA) copolymer-bound platinum (Pt) therapeutic designed to increase the therapeutic index relative to conventional, small-molecule platinum agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Defibrotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Defibrotide is the sodium salt of a mixture of single-stranded oligodeoxyribonucleotides derived from porcine mucosal DNA. It has been shown to have antithrombotic, anti-inflammatory and anti-ischemic properties (but without associated significant systemic anticoagulant effects). It is marketed under the brand names Dasovas (FM), Noravid, and Prociclide in a variety of countries. In the USA it is was approved in March, 2016 as Defitelio.
4. Indication:  Defibrotide is used to treat or prevent a failure of normal blood flow (occlusive venous disease, OVD) in the liver of patients who have had bone marrow transplants or received certain drugs such as oral estrogens, mercaptopurine, and many others.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Fimasartan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fimasartan is a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. Concurrent administration of fimasartan with diuretic hydrochlorothiazide has shown to be safe in clinical trials. Fimasartan was approved for use in South Korea in September 9th, 2010 and is available under the brand name Kanarb through Boryung Pharmaceuticals, who are presently seeking worldwide partnership.
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure [1].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bumetanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sulfamyl diuretic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease including the nephrotic syndrome.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Levosimendan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levosimendan is a calcium sensitiser used in the management of acutely decompensated congestive heart failure. It increases the sensitivity of the heart to calcium, thus increasing cardiac contractility without a rise in intracellular calcium. Levosimendan exerts its effect by increasing calcium sensitivity of myocytes by binding to cardiac troponin C in a calcium-dependent manner. It also has a vasodilatory effect, by opening adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-sensitive potassium channels in vascular smooth muscle to cause smooth muscle relaxation.
4. Indication:  For short term treatment of acutely decompensated severe chronic heart failure (CHF). Also being investigated for use/treatment in heart disease.
