DrugId:  1
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Oltipraz
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oltipraz has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Liver Fibrosis, Liver Cirrhosis, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fluorescein lisicol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluorescein lisicol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Pharmacokinetics, Hepatic Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, Viral, Human, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pradigastat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pradigastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rhein
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [1]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Arachidonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An unsaturated, essential fatty acid. It is found in animal and human fat as well as in the liver, brain, and glandular organs, and is a constituent of animal phosphatides. It is formed by the synthesis from dietary linoleic acid and is a precursor in the biosynthesis of prostaglandins, thromboxanes, and leukotrienes. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cod liver oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Cod liver oil is extracted from the liver of cod fish and mainly consists of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Also being a rich source of vitamin A and D, cod liver oil can be taken orally as daily supplements. It is used as an adjunct treatment and preventative therapy of rickets, osteomalacia and osteoporosis while meeting the consumption criteria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Omega-6 fatty acids
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Omega-6 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids with a final carbon-carbon double bond in the n-6 position, that is, the sixth bond, counting from the methyl end. They are a family of fatty acid molecules that act as precursors to potent lipid mediator signalling molecules with either pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects. Cells involved in the inflammatory response are typically rich in the n-6 fatty acid arachidonic acid, as generally, eicosanoids derived from n-6 PUFA are pro-inflammatory. Arachidonic acid, which is a main precursor of eicosanoids, is an example of omega-6 (n-6) polyunsaturated fatty acids. Vegetable oil is a major dietary sources of omega-6 fatty acids.
4. Indication:  There are no current pharmacotherapeutic products based on omega-6 fatty acids. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Olive oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oil extracted from olives [1]. Consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids linoleic, oleic and palmitic. Used as a source of fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition and as an additive in some cosmetic products [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in adults as a source of calories and fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition [FDA Label]. Sometimes used as an additive in cosmetic products.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Omega-3 fatty acids
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with a double bond at the third carbon atom from the end of the carbon chain. The three types of omega-3 fatty acids involved in human physiology are α-linolenic acid (ALA) (found in plant oils), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (both commonly found in fish oil that originally come from microalgae that is further consumed by phytoplankton, a source of diet for fish). Omega-3 fatty acids play a critical role in metabolism and cellular function and they are available as daily supplements. On September 8, 2004, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave "qualified health claim" status to EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids. Therapeutic products containing omega-3 fatty acid and its derivatives for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia include Lovaza, Omtryg, Epanova, and Vascepa.
4. Indication:  Provided as daily supplements. Aa preparation of omega-3-acid ethyl esters is licensed in UK for prevention of recurrent events after myocardial infarction in addition to treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Emricasan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emricasan is the first caspase inhibitor tested in human which has received orphan drug status by FDA. It is developed by Pfizer and made in such a way that it protects liver cells from excessive apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C), liver disease, and transplantation (organ or tissue).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mangafodipir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. It consists of two parts, the paramagnetic manganese (II) ions and the chelating agent fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an organ-specific paramagnetic contrast agent developed for imaging of the hepatobiliary system and detecting lesions in liver and pancreas.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  (3-Carboxy-2-(R)-Hydroxy-Propyl)-Trimethyl-Ammonium
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Omega-3-acid ethyl esters
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Omega-3 acid ethyl esters are prescription drugs that contain eicosapentaenoic acid-ethyl ester and docosahexaenoic acid-ethyl ester that are used in combination with changes in diet to lower triglyceride levels in adults with severe (≥ 500 mg/dL) hypertriglyceridemia,
4. Indication:  Omega-3-Acid Ethyl Esters capsules, USP are indicated as an adjunct to diet to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels in adult patients with severe (≥500 mg/dL) hypertriglyceridemia (HTG).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  AN-9
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pivaloyloxymethyl butyrate (AN-9), an acyloxyalkyl ester prodrug of butyric acid (BA), exhibited low toxicity and significant anticancer activity in vitro and in vivo. It shows greater potency than BA at inducing malignant cell differentiation and tumor growth inhibition and has demonstrated more favorable toxicological, pharmacological, and pharmaceutical properties than BA in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver cancer, lung cancer, melanoma, and leukemia (lymphoid).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Icosapent ethyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Icosapent ethyl or ethyl eicosapentaenoic acid is a synthetic derivative of the omega-3 fatty acid eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA). It is used as adjunct therapy for severe hypertriglyceridemia (TG levels > 500 mg/dL). FDA approved on July 26, 2012.
4. Indication:  Icosapent ethyl is used as adjunct therapy to reduce triglyceride (TG) levels in adults with severe (>500 mg/dL) hypertriglyceridemia. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Aramchol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aramchol has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV, Gallstones, Fatty Liver, Metabolic Syndrome, and Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sesame oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Sesame oil is a commonly used vegetable oil in Asia and flavoring enhancer in various culinary practices. It is extracted from sesame seeds and contains linoleic acid, oleic acid, palmitic acid, stearic acid and other fatty acids. Sesame oil is reported to possess antioxidant, antiaging, antihypertensive, immunoregulatory and anticancer properties. It has also shown to accelerate alcohol decomposition in the liver [1]. Sesame oil is considered an indirect additive used in food cotact substances by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pitavastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pitavastatin a lipid-lowering agent that belongs to the statin class of medications for treatment of dyslipidemia. It is also used for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. FDA approved in Aug 3, 2009.
4. Indication:  Pitavastatin is used to lower serum levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, apolipoprotein B, and triglycerides, and raise levels of HDL-C for the treatment of dyslipidemia. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cerivastatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  On August 8, 2001 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced that Bayer Pharmaceutical Division voluntarily withdrew Baycol from the U.S. market, due to reports of fatal Rhabdomyolysis, a severe adverse reaction from this cholesterol-lowering (lipid-lowering) product. It has also been withdrawn from the Canadian market.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to diet for the reduction of elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb) when the response to dietary restriction of saturated fat and cholesterol and other non-pharmacological measures alone has been inadequate.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Saroglitazar
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Saroglitazar has been investigated for the treatment of Fatty Liver.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Allergenic extract- beef liver
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef liver allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Darinaparsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cancer/tumors (unspecified), solid tumors, multiple myeloma, and liver cancer.
