DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Magnesium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form.Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke supressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant.It can also be used topically as an antiperspirant underarm deodorant or for relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative depending on the administered dose.As an antacid, it is used for the temporary relief of heartburn, upset stomach, sour stomach or acid indigestion.As a laxative, it is used for the relief of occasional constipation by promoting bowel movements for 30 minutes and up to 6 hours.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Rheinanthrone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rheinanthrone is the active metabolite of senna glycoside Sennosides known for its laxative effect [2]. It is commonly produced by plants of the Rheum species [7].
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Patiromer
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Patiromer is a powder for suspension in water for oral administration, approved in the U.S. as Veltassa in October, 2015. Patiromer is supplied as patiromer sorbitex calcium which consists of the active moiety, patiromer, a non-absorbed potassium-binding polymer, and a calcium-sorbitol counterion. Each gram of patiromer is equivalent to a nominal amount of 2 grams of patiromer sorbitex calcium. The chemical name for patiromer sorbitex calcium is cross-linked polymer of calcium 2-fluoroprop-2-enoate with diethenylbenzene and octa-1,7-diene, combination with D-glucitol. Patiromer sorbitex calcium is an amorphous, free-flowing powder that is composed of individual spherical beads.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperkalemia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulodexide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulodexide is a mixture of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) composed of dermatan sulfate (DS) and fast moving heparin (FMH).
4. Indication:  Sulodexide has been used clinically for the prophylaxis and treatment of vascular diseases with increased risk of thrombosis, including intermittent claudication, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and post-myocardial infarc-tion. Also investigated in the treatment of diabetic kidney disease and diabetic neuropathy. New anti-inflammatory properties have also extended its use in venous disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Brexpiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brexpiprazole is a novel D2 dopamine and serotonin 1A partial agonist, called serotonin-dopamine activity modulator (SDAM), and a potent antagonist of serotonin 2A receptors, noradrenergic alpha 1B and 2C receptors. Brexpiprazole is approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Although it failed Phase II clinical trials for ADHD, it has been designed to provide improved efficacy and tolerability (e.g., less akathisia, restlessness and/or insomnia) over established adjunctive treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD).
4. Indication:  As an adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) and for treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sodium aurothiomalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.
4. Indication:  As anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of arthritis. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, DMARD.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vecuronium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Monoquaternary homolog of pancuronium. A non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent with shorter duration of action than pancuronium. Its lack of significant cardiovascular effects and lack of dependence on good kidney function for elimination as well as its short duration of action and easy reversibility provide advantages over, or alternatives to, other established neuromuscular blocking agents. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Vecuronium is a muscle relaxing agent and is used as an ajunct in general anesthesia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nimesulide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nimesulide is a relatively COX-2 selective, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its approved indications are the treatment of acute pain, the symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis and primary dysmenorrhoea in adolescents and adults above 12 years old. Due to concerns about the risk of hepatotoxicity, nimesulide has been withdrawn from market in many countries.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute pain, the symptomatic treatment of osteoarthritis and primary dysmenorrhoea in adolescents and adults above 12 years old.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ixabepilone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixabepilone is an epothilone B analog developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb as a cancer drug. On October 16, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved ixabepilone for the treatment of aggressive metastatic or locally advanced breast cancer no longer responding to currently available chemotherapies. Ixabepilone is administered through injection, and will be marketed under the trade name Ixempra. Ixabepilone is a semisynthetic analogue of epothilone B. It has a lactone–lactam modification that minimizes susceptibility to esterase degradation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, head and neck cancer, melanoma, lung cancer, lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fesoterodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fesoterodine is an antimuscarinic prodrug for the treatment of overactive bladder syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder (with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, or urge incontinence).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Topotecan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent used to treat ovarian cancer. It works by inhibiting DNA topoisomerases, type I. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of advanced ovarian cancer in patients with disease that has recurred or progressed following therapy with platinum-based regimens. Also used as a second-line therapy for treatment-sensitive small cell lung cancer, as well as in combination with cisplatin for the treatment of stage IV-B, recurrent, or persistent cervical cancer not amenable to curative treatment with surgery and/or radiation therapy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Salsalate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salsalate is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent for oral administration. Salsalate's mode of action as an anti-inflammatory and antirheumatic agent may be due to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins. The usefulness of salicylic acid, the active in vivo product of salsalate, in the treatment of arthritic disorders has been established. In contrast to aspirin, salsalate causes no greater fecal gastrointestinal blood loss than placebo. Salsalate is readily soluble in the small intestine where it is partially hydrolyzed to two molecules of salicylic acid. A significant portion of the parent compound is absorbed unchanged and undergoes rapid esterase hydrolysis in the body. The parent compound has an elimination half-life of about 1 hour. Salicylic acid (the active metabolite) biotransformation is saturated at anti-inflammatory doses of salsalate. Such capacity limited biotransformation results in an increase in the half-life of salicylic acid from 3.5 to 16 or more hours.
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and related rheumatic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin is a drug used in nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging. The radioisotope, technetium-99m, is chelated by two 1,2-bis[di-(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino]ethane ligands which belong to the group of diphosphines and which are referred to as tetrofosmin. It is a lipophilic technetium phosphine dioxo cation that was formulated into a freeze-dried kit which yields an injection.[1] Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin was developed by GE Healthcare and FDA approved on February 9, 1996.
4. Indication:  Technetium-99m tetrofosmin is indicated for the diagnosis of heart abnormalities by exercise myocardial scintigraphy. The exercise myocardial scintigraphy is an established method for the diagnosis of the severity of coronary artery disease.[1] This method allows distinguishing regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in the presence or absence of infarcted myocardium following rest and stress conditions.[4] The use of technetium-99m tetrofosmin is mainly used to assess myocardial perfusion in ischemia and infarction.[3]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tamoxifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM) with tissue-specific activities for the treatment and prevention of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer. Tamoxifen acts as an anti-estrogen (inhibiting agent) in the mammary tissue, but as an estrogen (stimulating agent) in cholesterol metabolism, bone density, and cell proliferation in the endometrium.
4. Indication:  Tamoxifen is indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in women and men and ductal carcinoma in Situ. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Docetaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel binds to microtubules reversibly with high affinity and has a maximum stoichiometry of one mole docetaxel per mole tubulin in microtubules.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Also used as a single agent in the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior platinum-based chemotherapy. It is also used in combination with prednisone, in the treatment of patients with androgen independent (hormone refractory) metastatic prostate cancer. Furthermore, docetaxel has uses in the treatment of gastric adenocarinoma and head and neck cancer. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Meclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meclocycline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00385515 (Efficacy of SNX-1012 in the Treatment of Oral Mucositis) [3].
4. Indication:  Currently under investigation for the topical treatment of ulcerative oral mucositis [3]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Loperamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the long-acting synthetic antidiarrheals; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release locally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease or gastroenteritis. Also used for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Calcium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement and medication. Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.
4. Indication:  Oral calcium salts are used as dietary supplemental therapy for person who may not get enough calcium in their regular diet. Calcium gluconate is used as a cardioprotective agent in high blood potassium. Calcium gluconate is the antidote for magnesium sulfate toxicity.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cisplatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cisplatin, cisplatinum or cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) (CDDP) is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug used to treat various types of cancers, including sarcomas, some carcinomas (e.g. small cell lung cancer, and ovarian cancer), lymphomas and germ cell tumors. It was the first member of its class, which now also includes carboplatin and oxaliplatin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic testicular tumors, metastatic ovarian tumors and advanced bladder cancer.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Spiramycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spiramycin is a macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against gram-positive organisms, including Streptococcus pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), S. viridans, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide. It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens. As a preparation for oral administration it has been used since 1955, in 1987 also the parenteral form was introduced into practice.The antibacterial spectrum comprises Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium species. Enterobacteria, pseudomonads and pathogenic moulds are resistant. Its action is mainly bacteriostatic, on highly sensitive strains it exerts a bactericide action.
4. Indication:  Macrolide antibiotic for treatment of various infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Fidaxomicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the first narrow spectrum macrocyclic antibiotic, it is a natural compound and is structurally similar to compounds in lipiarmycin-a fermentation mixture. FDA approved on May 27, 2011.
4. Indication:  Treatment of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Teduglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS), malabsorption associated with the removal of the intestine, in adults patients who are dependent on parenteral support. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Terconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terconazole is an anti-fungal medication, primarily used to treat vaginal fungal infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of candidiasis (a yeast-like fungal infection) of the vulva and vagina.
