DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Trastuzumab emtansine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trastuzumab emtansine, formerly called Trastuzumab-DM1 (T-DM1) is a first-in-class HER2 antibody drug conjugate (ADC) comprised of Genentech's trastuzumab antibody linked to ImmunoGen's cell-killing agent, DM1. T-DM1 combines two strategies-- anti-HER2 activity and targeted intracellular delivery of the potent anti-microtubule agent, DM1 (a maytansine derivative)--to produce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Trastuzumab emtansine is marketed under the brand name Kadcyla and is indicated for use in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment. The FDA label has two precautions. First that trastuzumab emtansine and trastuzumab cannot be interchanged. Second that there is a black box warning of serious side effects such as hepatotoxicity, embryo-fetal toxicity, and cardiac toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Used in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hydroxyurea
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent that inhibits DNA synthesis through the inhibition of ribonucleoside diphosphate reductase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of melanoma, resistant chronic myelocytic leukemia, and recurrent, metastatic, or inoperable carcinoma of the ovary and Sickle-cell anemia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Durvalumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Durvalumab is a a human monoclonal antibody that blocks programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1), or CD 274. In May, 2017 it received FDA approval for previously treated patients with locally advanced or metastatic cancer in the urinary system (as Imfinzi). It is shown to be effective in patients with continued disease progression after the platinum-based chemotherapy. This drug has a relatively tolerable safety profile and its structural modification advantageously prevents the induction of antibody-dependent cytotoxicity (ADCC) or complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) [5].
4. Indication:  Durvalumab is indicated for patients with urothelial carcinoma, such as urinary bladder, urethra or ureter cancer. Patients with prolonged disease progression due to failed platinum-based chemotherapy such as cisplatin and carboplatin are most likely to benefit from durvalumab treatment. Its clinical effectiveness is especially enhanced in PD-L1-positive patient groups [1]. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride is a radiopharmaceutical containing the radioisotope radium-223 that emits short range but high linear energy alpha particles. As a cation, radium mimics calicum and binds to hydroxyapatite, which is a bone mineral found in areas of high bone turnover as seen in bone metastases. It was first approved by the FDA in May 2013 and is currently marketed under the brand name Xofigo, which was formerly called Alpharadin. Xofigo is indicated in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant. The FDA label includes a warning that Radium Ra 223 Dichloride should not be used in women who are pregnant or may become pregnant due to the high risk of fetal harm.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vismodegib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vismodegib inhibits the hedgehog signalling pathway and is indicated for treatment of adult basal cell carcinoma. FDA approved on Jan 30, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Vismodegib is used for treating locally advanced or metastatic basal cell carcinoma in patients whose carcinoma has recurred after surgery, and in patients who are not candidates for surgery or radiation.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Doripenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doripenem is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic marketed under the brand name Doribax by Janssen. Doripenem injection was approved by the FDA in 2007 to treat complicated urinary tract and intra-abdominal infections. In a clinical trial of doripenem treatment in ventilator associated pneumonia (vs. imipenem and cilastatin), it was found that doripenem carried an increased risk of death and lower clinical cure rates, resulting in a premature termination of the trial. The FDA revised the doripenem label in 2014 to include a warning against use in ventilator-associated pneumonia and to reiterate its safety and efficacy for its approved indications. 
4. Indication:  Doripenem is indicated in the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis, caused by designated susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Olaparib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.Indicated as monotherapy in patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA mutated (as detected by an FDA-approved test) advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.Indicated for the treatment of patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer, who have been previously treated with chemotherapy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Rucaparib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rucaparib is a potent mammalian poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1, 2 and 3 inhibitor with anticancer properties. PPAR is an enzyme that plays an essential role in DNA repair by activating response pathways and facilitating repair [2], and defects in these repair mechanisms have been demonstrated in various malignancies, including cancer. Regulation of repair pathways is critical in promoting necessary cell death. BRCA genes are tumor suppressor genes mediate several cellular process including DNA replication, transcription regulation, cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis, chromatin structuring and homologous recombination (HR). Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), along with PPAR inhibition, is a vulnerability that enhances the cell death pathway when the single mutations alone would permit viability. Ovarian cancer commonly possesses defects in DNA repair pathways such as HRD due to BRCA mutations or otherwise. There are three main types of ovarian cancer: epithelial (90%), germ cell (5%) and sex cord stromal cell (5%). Epithelial ovarian, being the most common, fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women in the United States. Advanced ovarian cancer particularly poses challenges due to reduced therapeutic response rates from standard platinum-based chemotherapy and overall survival rates. Rucaparib has shown to induce cytotoxicity in tumor cell lines with deficiencies in BRCA1/2 and other DNA repair genes [FDA Label]. Of all the BRCA1/2 mutations in ovarian cancer, most are due to germline mutations (18%), and approximately 7% represent somatic mutations acquired within the tumor [4].The indication of rucaparib as an oral monotherapy in patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer was granted accelerated approval in 2016 for selected patients who have previously received greater than two lines of platinum-based therapy. It is currently marketed in the US under the brand name Rubraca that contains rucaparib camsylate as the active ingredient. The identification of patients who are eligible for rucaparib therapy is performed via in vitro diagnostic tests to detect the presence of a deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic). The FDA-approved test qualitatively detects sequence alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) genes. More information can be found on the FDA Website [9].While rucaparib is indicated for deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic)-associated advanced ovarian cancer, there is evidence that its antitumor activity is also clinically effective against ovarian tumors with high homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) loss of heterozygosity (LOH) [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated as monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with two or more chemotherapies. Select patients for therapy based on an FDA-approved companion diagnostic for rucaparib.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Selenium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Selenium is a trace metal in the human body particularly important as a component of glutathione peroxidase, an important enzyme in the prevention of cellular damage by free radicals and reactive oxygen species [FDA Label]
4. Indication:  For the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition to prevent hyposelenemia [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Picoplatin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Picoplatin is a cytotoxic platinum compound in clinical development for the treatment of patients with solid tumors. It causes apoptosis (cell death) by binding to DNA and interfering with DNA replication and transcription.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with solid tumors.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Nintedanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nintedanib is a drug indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) that targets multiple receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs). Nintedanib inhibits the following RTKs: platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) α and β, fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) 1-3, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 1-3, and Fms-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3). Among them, FGFR, PDGFR, and VEGFR have been implicated in IPF pathogenesis. Nintedanib binds competitively to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding pocket of these receptors and blocks the intracellular signaling which is crucial for the proliferation, migration, and transformation of fibroblasts representing essential mechanisms of the IPF pathology. In addition, nintedanib inhibits the following nRTKs: Lck, Lyn and Src kinases. The contribution of FLT3 and nRTK inhibition to IPF efficacy is unknown.Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a progressive and ultimately fatal lung disease characterized by a progressive loss of lung function with worsening dyspnoea and cough. Development is thought to be instigated by repetitive lung injury (such as by cigarette smoke, industrial dusts, gastrooesophageal reflux and viral infection) leading to destruction of epithelial alveolar cells. Subsequent dysregulation of the repair process results in the proliferation/migration of fibroblasts and their differentiation into myofibroblasts, abnormal extracellular matrix deposition and excessive collagen accumulation in the lung interstitium and alveolar space, leading to progressive fibrosis and stiffening of the lungs. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) mediate various processes, including fibrogenesis and angiogenesis, and are implicated in the pathogenesis of IPF. By blocking substrate binding and downstream signalling cascades, nintedanib interferes with processes active in fibrosis such as fibroblast proliferation, migration and differentiation, and the secretion of extracellular matrix.
4. Indication:  Nintedanib is indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  TST10088
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TST10088 is a recombinant variant of a plant toxin belonging to the family of class II ribosome inactivating proteins. These molecules efficiently kill cells by activating preprogrammed death pathways known as apoptosis. TST10088 has been designed and engineered by Twinstrand to contain a peptide switch that is specifically cleaved by the matrix metalloproteinases which are known to be involved in tumor growth and metastasis. Cleavage of the peptide switch activates the prodrug causing ribosomal inactivation and the death of cancerous cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Archexin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Macitentan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age. 
4. Indication:  Macitentan is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
