DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Formebolone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  Formebolone, a derivative of androstane [1], is an anabolic androgenic steroid. It is on the list of substances prohibited by the Word Anti-Doping Agency, and is regularly screened for in athletes. It is also classified by the US Drug Enforcement Administration as Schedule III drug in the Controlled Substances Act. It has been used experimentally in the treatment of growth retardation, and has been noted to increase bone mass. [1] Additionally, it has been patented for use in development of novel transdermal delivery systems for enhanced drug delivery.
4. Indication:  No approve indications. Studied experimentally as a treatment for non-pituitary growth retardation [1].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Eslicarbazepine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an anticonvulsant medication approved for use in Europe, the United States and Canada as an adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine, the primary active metabolite in the body. Eslicarbazepine's mechanism of action is not well understood, but it is known that it does exert anticonvulsant activity by inhibiting repeated neuronal firing and stabilizing the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels, thus preventing their return to the activated state during which seizure activity can occur.Eslicarbazepine acetate is marketed as Aptiom in North America and Zebinix or Exalief in Europe. It is available in 200, 400, 600, or 800mg tablets that are taken once daily, with or without food. Eslicarbazepine acetate is associated with numerous side effects including dizziness, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, aphasia, lack of concentration, psychomotor retardation, speech disturbances, ataxia, depression and hyponatremia. It is recommended that patients taking eslicarbazepine acetate be monitored for suicidality.
4. Indication:  Eslicarbazepine acetate is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy in epileptic patients. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bevacizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). Bevacizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to VEGF. Bevacizumab is produced in a Chinese Hamster Ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin and has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kilodaltons.
4. Indication:  As part of combination therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer and HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Necitumumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Necitumumab is an intravenously administered recombinant monoclonal IgG1 antibody used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as an EGFR antagonist. It functions by binding to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and prevents binding of its ligands, a process that is involved in cell proliferation, metastasis, angiogenesis, and malignant progression. Binding of necitumumab to EGFR induces receptor internalization and degradation, thereby preventing further activation of EGFR which is beneficial in NSCLC as many patients have increased protein expression of EGFR. Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
4. Indication:  Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). It is not indicated for treatment of non-squamous NSCLC. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Macimorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Macimorelin, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, macimorelin is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels [3]. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer. Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function [5]. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies [3]. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test [3]. Macimorelin is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, macimorelin stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability [3].Macimorelin, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the diagnosis of adult growth hormone deficiency (AGHD) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Trastuzumab emtansine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trastuzumab emtansine, formerly called Trastuzumab-DM1 (T-DM1) is a first-in-class HER2 antibody drug conjugate (ADC) comprised of Genentech's trastuzumab antibody linked to ImmunoGen's cell-killing agent, DM1. T-DM1 combines two strategies-- anti-HER2 activity and targeted intracellular delivery of the potent anti-microtubule agent, DM1 (a maytansine derivative)--to produce cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. Trastuzumab emtansine is marketed under the brand name Kadcyla and is indicated for use in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment. The FDA label has two precautions. First that trastuzumab emtansine and trastuzumab cannot be interchanged. Second that there is a black box warning of serious side effects such as hepatotoxicity, embryo-fetal toxicity, and cardiac toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Used in HER2-positive, metastatic breast cancer patients who have already used taxane and/or trastuzumab for metastatic disease or had their cancer recur within 6 months of adjuvant treatment.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Olaratumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olaratumab (IMC-3G3) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody with antitumor activity that selectively binds the external domain of human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-α with high affinity and blocks ligand binding. It is composed of two heavy chain molecule fragments and 2 light chain fragments. Studies show that the treatment of olaratumab in combination with doxorubicin resulted in significant reduction of cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth. Olaratumab was granted accelerated approval (as Lartruvo) as initial therapy to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS) in October, 2016.
4. Indication:  Olaratumab is indicated, in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced or mestastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS) with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ixazomib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixazomib a second generation proteasome inhibitor (PI) and the first oral PI approved by the FDA in November 2015 for multiple myeloma treatment in combination with 2 other therapies (lenalidomide and dexamethasone) for patients who have received at least 1 prior therapy. It was found to have similar efficacy to bortezomib (the first PI approved for multiple myeloma therapy) in the control of myeloma growth and prevention of bone loss. Ixazomib citrate is marketed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Ninlaro, which is a prodrug that becomes quickly converted to its active metabolite, ixazomib, after administration.
4. Indication:  Ixazomib is indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least one prior therapy. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Olaparib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.Indicated as monotherapy in patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA mutated (as detected by an FDA-approved test) advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.Indicated for the treatment of patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer, who have been previously treated with chemotherapy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  L-Valine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A branched-chain essential amino acid that has stimulant activity. It promotes muscle growth and tissue repair. It is a precursor in the penicillin biosynthetic pathway. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Promotes mental vigor, muscle coordination, and calm emotions. May also be of use in a minority of patients with hepatic encephalopathy and in some with phenylketonuria.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Omacetaxine mepesuccinate (formerly known as HHT or Homoharringtonine), is a cephalotaxine ester and protein synthesis inhibitor with established clinical activity as a single agent in hematological malignancies. Omacetaxine mepesuccinate is synthesized from cephalotaxine, which is an extract from the leaves of the plant, Cephalotaxus species. In October 2005, omacetaxine mepesuccinate received Orphan Drug designation from the EMEA for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia (CML). Then in March 2006, it received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of CML. In November 2006, omacetaxine mepesuccinate, for the treatment of CML, was granted Fast Track designation by the FDA. Most recently, in October 2012, omacetaxine mepesuccinate was marketed under the brand name Synribo and FDA approved for patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who are intolerant and/or resistant to two or more tyrosine kinase inhibitors used to treat accelerated or chronic phase CML. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Nintedanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nintedanib is a drug indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) that targets multiple receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs). Nintedanib inhibits the following RTKs: platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) α and β, fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) 1-3, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 1-3, and Fms-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3). Among them, FGFR, PDGFR, and VEGFR have been implicated in IPF pathogenesis. Nintedanib binds competitively to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding pocket of these receptors and blocks the intracellular signaling which is crucial for the proliferation, migration, and transformation of fibroblasts representing essential mechanisms of the IPF pathology. In addition, nintedanib inhibits the following nRTKs: Lck, Lyn and Src kinases. The contribution of FLT3 and nRTK inhibition to IPF efficacy is unknown.Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a progressive and ultimately fatal lung disease characterized by a progressive loss of lung function with worsening dyspnoea and cough. Development is thought to be instigated by repetitive lung injury (such as by cigarette smoke, industrial dusts, gastrooesophageal reflux and viral infection) leading to destruction of epithelial alveolar cells. Subsequent dysregulation of the repair process results in the proliferation/migration of fibroblasts and their differentiation into myofibroblasts, abnormal extracellular matrix deposition and excessive collagen accumulation in the lung interstitium and alveolar space, leading to progressive fibrosis and stiffening of the lungs. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) mediate various processes, including fibrogenesis and angiogenesis, and are implicated in the pathogenesis of IPF. By blocking substrate binding and downstream signalling cascades, nintedanib interferes with processes active in fibrosis such as fibroblast proliferation, migration and differentiation, and the secretion of extracellular matrix.
4. Indication:  Nintedanib is indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Interferon alfacon-1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  L-Leucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to assist in the prevention of the breakdown of muscle proteins that sometimes occur after trauma or severe stress.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Daratumumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Daratumumab is an anti-cancer drug indicated for multiple myeloma in patients who have received at least 3 prior treatments. It was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2016. Marketed under the brand name Darzalex by Janssen Biotech, daratumumab is the first monoclonal antibody injection approved for this indication and provides another options for patients with multiple myeloma resistant to other therapies. Daratumumab induces apoptosis of cancer cells by targeting the CD38 epitope, which is highly expressed on haematological malignancies. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior lines of therapy (a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an immunomodulatory agent) or who are double-refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent. This indication was approved by accelerated approval based on response rate.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tipiracil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tipiracil is a thymidine phosphorylase inhibitor. It is used in combination with trifluridine, in a ratio of 1:0.5, to form TAS-102. The main function of Tipiracil in TAS-102 is to increase trifluridine bioavailability by inhibiting its catabolism.[2] TAS-102 is indicated for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer which has been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, or with an anti-VEGF or anti-EGFR therapy.[1]
4. Indication:  Tipiracil, in combination with trifluridine, is indicated for the treatment of refractory mestastatic colorectal cancer patients who keep progressing despite of treatment with standard chemotherapy and biologics.[3]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Durvalumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Durvalumab is a a human monoclonal antibody that blocks programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1), or CD 274. In May, 2017 it received FDA approval for previously treated patients with locally advanced or metastatic cancer in the urinary system (as Imfinzi). It is shown to be effective in patients with continued disease progression after the platinum-based chemotherapy. This drug has a relatively tolerable safety profile and its structural modification advantageously prevents the induction of antibody-dependent cytotoxicity (ADCC) or complement-dependent cytotoxicity (CDC) [5].
4. Indication:  Durvalumab is indicated for patients with urothelial carcinoma, such as urinary bladder, urethra or ureter cancer. Patients with prolonged disease progression due to failed platinum-based chemotherapy such as cisplatin and carboplatin are most likely to benefit from durvalumab treatment. Its clinical effectiveness is especially enhanced in PD-L1-positive patient groups [1]. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Osimertinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Osimertinib is an oral, third-generation epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) drug developed by AstraZeneca Pharmaceuticals. Its use is indicated for the treatment of metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) in cases where tumour EGFR expression is positive for the T790M mutation as detected by FDA-approved testing and which has progressed following therapy with a first-generation EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor. Approximately 10% of patients with NSCLC have a rapid and clinically effective response to EGFR-TKIs due to the presence of specific activating EGFR mutations within the tumour cells. More specifically, deletions around the LREA motif in exon 19 and exon 21 L858R point mutations are correlated with response to therapy. Development of third-generation EGFR-TKIs, such as osimertinib, has been in response to altered tumour resistance patterns following treatment and toxic side effects that impact patient quality of life. Treatment with first-generation EGFR-TKIs (gefitinib and erlotinib) has been associated with the development of resistance through activating mutations in the EGFR gene. Second-generation EGFR-TKIs (afatinib and dacomitinib) were then developed to be more potent inhibitors, although their use is associated with increased toxicity through nonspecific targeting of wild-type EGFR. In contrast, third-generation inhibitors are specific for the gate-keeper T790M mutations which increases ATP binding activity to EGFR and result in poor prognosis for late-stage disease. Furthermore, osimertinib has been shown to spare wild-type EGFR during therapy, thereby reducing non-specific binding and limiting toxicity. 
4. Indication:  Osimertinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) T790M mutation-positive non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), as detected by an FDA- approved test, who have progressed on or after EGFR-TKI therapy.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
