DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Indium In-111 oxyquinoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline (oxine) is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical intended for radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes. It is composed of a 3:1 saturated complex of In-111 isotope and oxyquinoline. Indium-111 decays by isomeric transition and electron capture to cadmium-111, emitting a gamma ray that can be detected with a gamma ray camera. It is therefore useful in nuclear medicine, and is used in the labeling of leukocytes for localization of processes to which leukocytes migrate, such as those associated with abscesses or other infections. The degree of accuracy may vary with labeling techniques and with the size, location and nature of the inflammatory process.Following intravenous administration, the lipid-soluble complex is able to penetrate platelet cell membranes. Once inside, Indium detaches from the oxyquinoline complexes and becomes attached to cytoplasmic components.
4. Indication:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline is indicated for radiolabeling autologous leukocytes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Doripenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doripenem is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic marketed under the brand name Doribax by Janssen. Doripenem injection was approved by the FDA in 2007 to treat complicated urinary tract and intra-abdominal infections. In a clinical trial of doripenem treatment in ventilator associated pneumonia (vs. imipenem and cilastatin), it was found that doripenem carried an increased risk of death and lower clinical cure rates, resulting in a premature termination of the trial. The FDA revised the doripenem label in 2014 to include a warning against use in ventilator-associated pneumonia and to reiterate its safety and efficacy for its approved indications. 
4. Indication:  Doripenem is indicated in the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis, caused by designated susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lamotrigine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. In the US, lamotrigine is available as oral tablets under the market name Lamictal. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. While lamotrigine is primarily indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that it could have some clinical efficacy in some neuropathic pain states. Lamotrigine is also used as an off-label drug in treating other neurologic and psychiatric pathologies like borderline personality disorder [6]. The exact mechanism of action of lamotrigine is not fully elucidated, as it may have multiple cellular actions that contribute to its broad clinical efficacy.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy for the following seizure types in patients ≥2 years of age: partial seizures/primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures/generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome [FDA Label].Indicated for conversion to monotherapy in adults (≥16 years of age) with partial seizures who are receiving treatment with carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, or valproate as the single antiepileptic drug (AED)[FDA Label]. Indicated for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder to delay the time to occurrence of mood episodes (depression, mania, hypomania, mixed episodes) in adults (≥18 years of age) treated for acute mood episodes with standard therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vayarin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vayarin is a prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of certain lipid imbalances blamed to be associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children. Vayarin contains Lipirinen, a proprietary composition containing phosphatidylserine-omega 3, EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [5, 13]. Vayarin is currently available only by prescription in the USA [7]. This drug has also been used for management of hypertriglyceridemia [8].Vayarin is an orally administered prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of complex lipid imbalances thought to be associated with ADHD. Vayarin is a specially formulated and designed to address the distinct, previously determined lipid nutritional requirements of children with ADHD, the dietary management of which cannot be achieved with lifestyle modification [7].Vayarin is a novel therapy for ADHD that appears to be effective in several studies [6, 7, 8]. Approximately 60% of the users who completed 12 weeks of therapy reported subjective benefits from treatment. A slow response time of 12 weeks is an impediment to successful management of ADHD as only 41.6% of subjects prescribed Vayarin remained compliant for the duration of the study. Cost of the drug and patient aversion to the taste of Vayarin were significant reasons for therapy failure [7].
4. Indication:  ADHD in children, hypertriglyceridemia [7, 8].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Retosiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Retosiban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Premature Labor and Obstetric Labour, Premature.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dapoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Varespladib methyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Varespladib methyl has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that Varespladib methyl treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ritodrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Adrenergic beta-agonist used to control premature labor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of premature labour
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Epelsiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epelsiban has been investigated for the treatment of Premature Ejaculation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ataluren
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ataluren is a novel, orally administered drug that targets nonsense mutations. Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.This drug does not yet have approval by the US Food and Drug Administration or by Health Canada for any indications.
4. Indication:  Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Isoxsuprine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle. Its vasodilating actions are greater on the arteries supplying skeletal muscle than on those supplying skin. It is used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and in premature labor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
