DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nirogacestat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nirogacestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, HIV Infection, Desmoid Tumors, Advanced Solid Tumors, and Aggressive Fibromatosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Barium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Barium is under investigation for the diagnostic of Known or Suspected Abdominal Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fasinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasinumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Sciatica, Back Pain, Low Back Pain, Osteoarthritis, Hip, and Abdominal Pain Upper, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clidinium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. It inhibits muscarinic actions of acetylcholine at postganglionic parasympathetic neuroeffector sites. It is used for the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cresol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cresol is a hydroxytoluene that can be extracted naturally from coal tar or made synthetically. Pure cresol is a mixture of ortho-, meta-, and para- isomers. Cresols are precursors or synthetic intermediates to various other compounds and materials, including plastics, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, disinfectants, and dyes. Ingestion of cresol induces toxicity in humans and can lead to burning of the mouth and throat, abdominal pain, and/or vomiting. At concentrations normally found in the environment however, cresols do not pose any significant risk for the general population.
4. Indication:  The primary medical indications for cresols in general include being used as bactericides, pesticides, and disinfectants [10]. Certain isomers of cresol, like m-cresol, may be used as inactive ingredients for the purpose of serving as a preservative in some pharmaceuticals [10]. Conversely, many other active pharmaceuticals are also derivatives of various cresol isomer precursors or intermediates [12].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TU-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TU-100 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec, and is used by nuclear medicine physicians for the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime, also known as hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime or HMPAO, acts as a chelating agent for the Tc-99m radioisotope.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc99m exametazime scintigraphy (with or without methylene blue stabilization) may be useful as an adjunct in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke. Tc99m exametazime without methylene blue stabilization is indicated for leukocyte labeled scintigraphy as an adjunct in the localization of intra-abdominal infection and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Spiramycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Spiramycin is a macrolide antimicrobial agent with activity against gram-positive organisms, including Streptococcus pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), S. viridans, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus.Spiramycin is a 16-membered ring macrolide. It was discovered in 1952 as a product of Streptomyces ambofaciens. As a preparation for oral administration it has been used since 1955, in 1987 also the parenteral form was introduced into practice.The antibacterial spectrum comprises Gram-positive cocci and rods, Gram-negative cocci and also Legionellae, mycoplasmas, chlamydiae, some types of spirochetes, Toxoplasma gondii and Cryptosporidium species. Enterobacteria, pseudomonads and pathogenic moulds are resistant. Its action is mainly bacteriostatic, on highly sensitive strains it exerts a bactericide action.
4. Indication:  Macrolide antibiotic for treatment of various infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  ILY101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ILY101 is a metal-free, non-absorbed polymeric drug designed for the selective binding and removal of phosphate anions from the gastrointestinal tract. ILY101 is being developed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in CKD patients on dialysis and works by reducing the systemic absorption of dietary phosphate. ILY101 is designed to allow for lower daily doses and improved patient acceptance and tolerability in comparison to other products in this class of drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lubiprostone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lubiprostone is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. It is a bicyclic fatty acid (prostaglandin E1 derivative) which acts by specifically activating ClC-2 chloride channels on the apical aspect of gastrointestinal epithelial cells, producing a chloride-rich fluid secretion. These secretions soften the stool, increase motility, and promote spontaneous bowel movements (SBM).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the adult population. Also used for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation in women who are 18 years of age or older.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Avibactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options. 
4. Indication:  AVYCAZ (ceftazidime-avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii, Proteus spp., and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eluxadoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eluxadoline is a mixed mu-opioid receptor agonist, kappa-opioid receptor agonist, and a-delta opioid receptor antagonist indicated for use in diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D). The mu-, kappa-, and delta-opioid receptors mediate endogenous and exogenous opioid response in the central nervous system and peripherally in the gastrointestinal system. Agonism of peripheral mu-opioid receptors results in reduced colonic motility, while antagonism of central delta-opioid receptors results in improved analgesia, making eluxadoline usable for the symptoms of both pain and diarrhea characteristic of IBS-D. Marketed under the tradename Viberzi (FDA), eluxadoline is an antimotility agent that decreases bowel contractions, inhibits colonic transit, and reduces ﬂuid/ion secretion resulting in improved symptoms of abdominal pain and reductions in the Bristol Stool Scale. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nabumetone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nabumetone is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) of the arylalkanoic acid family (which includes diclofenac). Marketed under the brand name Relafen, it has been shown to have a slightly lower risk of gastrointestinal side effects than most other non-selective NSAIDs.
4. Indication:  For acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ceftolozane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ceftolozane is a semi-synthetic beta-lactam antibiotic. It was approved by the FDA in January 2015 for use in combination with tazobactam for the treatment of:-Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections, used in combination with metronidazole.-Complicated Urinary Tract Infections, including Pyelonephritis.Ceftolozane/tazobactam is marketed under the brand name Zerbaxa™ by Cubist Pharmaceuticals U.S, which effective January 22, 2015, is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.
4. Indication:  -Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections, used in combination with metronidazole.-Complicated Urinary Tract Infections, including Pyelonephritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pranlukast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist. It antagonizes or reduces bronchospasm caused, principally in asthmatics, by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to the standard therapy of inhaled steroids with inhaled long- and/or short-acting beta-agonists. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tesamorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tesamorelin is a stabilized synthetic peptide analogue of the hypothalamic peptide, Growth Hormone Releasing Hormone (GHRH) indicated for the reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. Lipodystrophy is a metabolic condition characterized by insulin resistance, fat redistribution, and hyperlipidemia associated with antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.
4. Indication:  Tesamorelin acetate is a synthetic analogue of human hypothalamic Growth Hormone Releasing Factor (hGRF) indicated to induce and maintain a reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Teduglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS), malabsorption associated with the removal of the intestine, in adults patients who are dependent on parenteral support. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Iothalamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iothalamic acid is an iodine containing organic anion used as a diagnostic contrast agent.
4. Indication:  Conray is indicated for use in excretory urography, cerebral angiography, peripheral arteriography, venography, arthrography, direct cholangiography, endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography, contrast enhancement of computed tomographic brain images, cranial computerized angiotomography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and arterial digital subtraction angiography.Conray may also be used for enhancement of computed tomographic scans performed for detection and evaluation of lesions in the liver, pancreas, kidneys, abdominal aorta, mediastinum, abdominal cavity and retroperitoneal space.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Butylscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Butylscopolamine is a peripherally acting antimuscarinic, anticholinergic agent. It is used to treat pain and discomfort caused by abdominal cramps, menstrual cramps, or other spasmodic activity in the digestive system. It is also effective at preventing bladder spasms. It is not a pain medication in the normal sense, since it does not directly affect pain, but rather works to prevent painful cramps and spasms from occurring. It is on the WHO Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Used to treat abdmoninal cramping and pain [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fondaparinux sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fondaparinux (Arixtra) is a synthetic pentasaccharide anticoagulant. Apart from the O-methyl group at the reducing end of the molecule, the identity and sequence of the five monomeric sugar units contained in fondaparinux is identical to a sequence of five monomeric sugar units that can be isolated after either chemical or enzymatic cleavage of the polymeric glycosaminoglycan heparin and heparan sulfate (HS). This monomeric sequence in heparin and HS is thought to form the high affinity binding site for the natural anti-coagulant factor, antithrombin III (ATIII). Binding of heparin/HS to ATIII has been shown to increase the anti-coagulant activity of antithrombin III 1000-fold. Fondaparinux potentiates the neutralizing action of ATIII on activated Factor X 300-fold. Fondaparinux may be used: to prevent venous thromboembolism in patients who have undergone orthopedic surgery of the lower limbs (e.g. hip fracture, hip replacement and knee surgery); to prevent VTE in patients undergoing abdominal surgery who are are at high risk of thromboembolic complications; in the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pumonary embolism (PE); in the management of unstable angina (UA) and non-ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI); and in the management of ST segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI).
4. Indication:  Approved for: (1) prophylaxis of VTE for up to one month post surgery in patients undergoing orthopedic surgery of the lower limbs such as hip fracture, hip replacement and knee surgery; (2) prophylaxis of VTE patients undergoing abdominal surgery who are at high risk of thromboembolic complications (e.g. patients undergoing abdominal cancer surgery); (3) treatment of acute DVT and PE; (4) management of UA and NSTEMI for the prevention of death and subsequent myocardial infarction (MI); and (5) management of STEMI for the prevention of death and myocardial reinfarction in patients who are managed with thrombolytics or who are initially to receive no form of reperfusion therapy. Fondaparinux should not be used as the sole anticoagulant during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) due to an increased risk of guiding catheter thrombosis. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Eravacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eravacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of End Stage Renal Disease, Impaired Hepatic Function, Complicated Intra-abdominal Infection, and Complicated Urinary Tract Infections (cUTI).
4. Indication:  Not Available
