DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  TA-CIN
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MX6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MX6 is adamantyl group derivatives containing retinoid-related compounds induce apoptosis of cancer cells and therefore may be used for the treatment of cancer, including advanced cancer. More specifically, it has been shown that such adamantyl compounds, e.g., 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 2-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-5-benzimidazole carboxylic acid, and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4,5-methylenedioxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, can be used to treat or prevent cervical cancers and precancers such as cervical dysplasias, including high grade and low grade dysplasias.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  R-851
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-851 is part of the family of immune response modifier (IRM) and it acts in a novel way to stimulate the human body's immnune system to attack virus-infected cells and tumor cells. It is expected to be topical treatment for cervical displasia and cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV), the sexually transmitted virus that causes most cases of cervical cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer and viral infection.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Amolimogene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of cervical dysplasia associated with the human papillomavirus (HPV).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  3,3'-diindolylmethane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Diindolylmethane has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of SLE, Prostate Cancer, Cervical Dysplasia, Stage I Prostate Cancer, and Stage II Prostate Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Strontium malonate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium malonate is being developed as a novel orally available pharmaceutical for the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis. It is being developed by Osteologix Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Azacitidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrimidine nucleoside analogue that inhibits DNA methyltransferase, impairing DNA methylation. It is also an antimetabolite of cytidine, incorporated primarily into RNA. Azacytidine has been used as an antineoplastic agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with the following French-American-British myelodysplastic syndrome subtypes: refractory anemia or refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts (if accompanied by neutropenia or thrombocytopenia or requiring transfusions), refractory anemia with excess blasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation (now classified as acute myelogenous leukemia with multilineage dysplasia), and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is a radioactive medication used to treat pain caused by cancer that has spread to the bone. It is a radiopharmaceutical. Radiopharmaceuticals are radioactive agents that may be used to diagnose some diseases by studying the function of the body's organs or to treat certain diseases.Samarium Sm 153 lexidronam is used to help relieve the bone pain that may occur with certain kinds of cancer. The radioactive samarium is taken up in the bone cancer area and gives off radiation that helps provide relief of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Matuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Matuzumab (formerly EMD 72000) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer. It binds to EGFR (epithelial growth factor receptor) with high affinity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, and lung cancer.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  DOTMP HO-166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DOTMP HO-166 is used in skeletal targeted radiotherapy (STR). SRT is designed to be used in combination with high-dose chemotherapy producing a direct therapeutic effect on the tumor sites in the bone plus a general bone-marrow effect to destroy myeloma cells in the bone marrow. It is an experimental therapy that is being developed by NeoRx Corporation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Gallium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gallium nitrate is a drug that is used to treat hyper-calcemia, or too much calcium in the blood. This condition may occur when individuals develop various types of cancer. Gallium nitrate is also known by the common brand name Ganite.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia. Also intended for the treatment of non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Motexafin lutetium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called lutetium texaphyrin. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, cervical dysplasia/cancer, prostate cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), coronary artery disease, macular degeneration, and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Samarium (153Sm) lexidronam pentasodium
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Strontium chloride Sr-89
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (Sr-89), initially FDA-approved in 1993, is used as a paliative therapeutic option to help relieve the pain from bone metastases. Strontium chloride is mainly used in cases of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.[9] Bone metastases is a common and severe complication presented in advanced stages of the disease. It is usually presented mainly in patients with prostatic and breast cancer, as well as in cancer of lung, bladder and thyroid. There has been some cases of apparent tumor regression which has given it a potential tumoricidal effect.[8]
4. Indication:  Strontium-89 Chloride Injection is indicated as a paliative for the relief of bone pain in patients with skeletal metastases. It is impotant to confirm the presence of bone metastases prior the beginning of therapy.[9]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
