DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PRLX 93936
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRLX 93936 is selectively toxic to cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PTC299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PTC299 is a novel, orally administered small-molecule designed to inhibit the production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in tumors. Overexpression of VEGF plays a key role in multiple diseases including cancer and macular degeneration. PTC299 was discovered through PTC's GEMS technology by targeting the post-transcriptional processes that regulate VEGF formation, and is currently being developed for the treatment of cancer. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Certolizumab pegol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Certolizumab pegol is a recombinant Fab' antibody fragment against tumor necrosis factor alpha which is conjugated to an approximately 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG2MAL40K). Polyethylene glycol helps to delay the metabolism and elimination of the drugs. Chemically, the light chain is made up of 214 amino acid residues while the heavy chain is composed of 229 amino acid residues. The molecular mass of the Fab' antibody fragment itself is 47.8 kDa. It is used for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and Crohn’s disease. FDA approved on April 22, 2008
4. Indication:  Reducing signs and symptoms of Crohn's disease and treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA). 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mifamurtide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Mifamurtide is an immunomodulator with antitumor activity via activation of macrophages and monocytes. Also called L-MTP-PE, mifamurtide may be a liposomal form of of the active ingredient MTP-PE, which is a synthetic, less pyrogenic, and longer-acting derivative of muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP is a motif present in all gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial walls that is recognized by different signalling molecules and activators such as nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptors (NLRs) and toll-like receptors present in macrophages and monocytes. The overall result of MDP recognition leads to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and promotion of bactericidal and tumoricidal effects [2]. As a liposomal formulation, mifamurtide demonstrates an enhanced tumoricidal effect and improved safety profile [2].Mifamurtide is marketed in Europe as Mepact for intravenous infusion. It is administered as an adjuvant therapy to postoperative combination chemotherapy in pediatric, adolescent or adult patients with high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection. In the US, it is currently under investigation that holds orphan drug status for the treatment of osteosarcoma [3].Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant bone tumor that usually arises in the metaphyses of long bone in children and adolescents [1]. The standard therapy for osteosarcoma is comprised of macroscopic surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy consisting of doxorubicin, cisplatin, high-dose methotrexate with leucovorin rescue, and ifosfamide [1]. While about 90% of patients with newly diagnosed osteosarcoma may achieve complete remission from first-line therapies, the prognosis is still poor for patients with non-metastatic osteosarcoma with lower 5-year event-free survival. In a large, randomized, open-label, multicenter, phase III trial, the treatment of mifamurtide in conjunction with three- or four-drug combination chemotherapy (doxorubicin, cisplatin, and high-dose methotrexate with, or without, ifosfamide) was associated with significant improvement in survival rates and good tolerance [3]. The adverse events (AEs) associated with mifamurtide were generally mild to moderate in severity [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated in children, adolescents and young adults for the treatment of high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection, typically in combination with post-operative multi-agent chemotherapy [5].
