DrugId:  1
1. Name:  JNJ-28330835
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  R1204
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1204 is G-protein-coupled receptor modulator. It is developed for the treatment of depression.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in depression.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nelotanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ecopipam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ecopipam has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tourette's Syndrome, Lesch-Nyhan Disease, Pathological Gambling, and Self-injurious Behavior.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Chlorophyll B
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A light, silvery, metallic element. It has the atomic symbol Mg, atomic number 12, and atomic weight 24.31. Its salts are essential in nutrition, being required for the activity of many enzymes, especially those concerned with oxidative phosphorylation. It is a component of both intra- and extracellular fluids and is excreted in the urine and feces. Deficiency causes irritability of the nervous system with tetany, vasodilation, convulsions, tremors, depression, and psychotic behavior. (From Dorland, 27th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lintitript
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lintitript is a new, highly specific and potent CCK-A receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pancreatic cancer and appetite disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dexfenfluramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dexfenfluramine, also marketed under the name Redux, is a serotoninergic anorectic drug. It was for some years in the mid-1990s approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for the purposes of weight loss. However, following multiple concerns about the cardiovascular side-effects of the drug, such approval was withdrawn.
4. Indication:  For the management of obesity including weight loss and maintenance of weight loss in patients on a reduced calorie diet
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82 injection is a sterile nonpyrogenic solutions of rubidium Rb 82 chloride. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  Rubidium Rb 82 chloride injection is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Fluconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal infections.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Atomoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atomoxetine is the first non-stimulant drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is sold in the form of the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. This chemical is manufactured and marketed under the brand name Strattera; by Eli Lilly and Company and as a generic Attentin by Torrent Pharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic available within the United States due to patent restrictions. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) alone or in combination with behavioral treatment, as an adjunct to psychological, educational, social, and other remedial measures.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tartaric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tartaric acid is a white crystalline organic acid that occurs naturally in many plants, most notably in grapes.Tartaric is an alpha-hydroxy-carboxylic acid, is diprotic and aldaric in acid characteristics, and is a dihydroxyl derivative of succinic acid.
4. Indication:  Tartaric Acid is primarily indicated in conditions like Antiscorbutic, Antiseptic.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cycloserine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibiotic substance produced by Streptomyces garyphalus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in combination with up to 5 other drugs as a treatment for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) and is also used to treat tuberculosis (TB).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Deserpidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deserpidine is an ester alkaloid drug isolated from Rauwolfia canescens (family Apocynaceae) with antipsychotic and antihypertensive properties that has been used for the control of high blood pressure and for the relief of psychotic behavior.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cupric Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cupric chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).
4. Indication:  For use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fenfluramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension, including a condition known as cardiac fibrosis.
4. Indication:  For the management of exogenous obesity as a short-term (a few weeks) adjunct in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tegafur-uracil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tegafur-uracil is an anti-tumor compound containing tegafur (1-(2-tetrahydrofuryl)-5-fluorouracil) and uracil in a molar ratio of 1:4. It was developed as an anti-cancer therapy by Taiho Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.[1] It is approved in different countries but it is not yet approved by the FDA, Health Canada or EMA.
4. Indication:  Tegafur-uracil is indicated for the first line treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer with concomitant administration of calcium folinate.[8] Colorectal cancer is the third most diagnosed cancer and 30% of the cases can present the metastatic state.[5]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bupropion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A unicyclic, aminoketone antidepressant. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not well understood, but it does appear to block dopamine uptake. The hydrochloride is available as an aid to smoking cessation treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and as aid to smoking cessation.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Gadodiamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadodiamide is a gadolinium based contrast agent used in MR imaging procedures to assist in the visualization of blood vessels. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Omniscan.
4. Indication:  For intravenous use in MRI to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity (or those thought to cause abnormalities in the blood-brain barrier) in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine, and associated tissues.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Promazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. Promazine is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct for short term treatment of moderate and severe psychomotor agitation. Also used to treat agitation or restlessness in the elderly.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Gadoversetamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoversetamide is a gadolinium compound used as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), particularly imaging of the brain, spine and liver. It is marketed under the trade name OptiMARK.
4. Indication:  Gadoversetamide is an MRI contrast agent used for MRI diagnostic procedures to provide increased enhancement and visualization of lesions of the brain, spine and liver, including tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Oxtriphylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxtriphylline is the choline salt form of theophylline. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Its main physiological reponse is to dilate the bronchioles. As such, oxytriphylline is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD (i.e. all the same indications as the other theophyllines). It is marketed under the name Choledyl SA, and several forms of oxytriphylline have been discontinued. In the US, oxtriphylline is no longer available.
4. Indication:  Used to treat the symptoms of asthma, bronchitis, COPD, and emphysema.
