DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Emeramide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emeramide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mercury Poisoning.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Cinolazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Cinolazepam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety or anxiety associated with depressive symptoms.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Succimer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lead poisoning in pediatric patients with blood lead levels above 45 µg/dL. May also be used to treat mercury or arsenic poisoning.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fomepizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.
4. Indication:  Antizol is indicated as an antidote for ethylene glycol (such as antifreeze) or methanol poisoning, or for use in suspected ethylene glycol or methanol ingestion, either alone or in combination with hemodialysis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dimercaprol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol is a potentially toxic drug, and its use may be accompanied by multiple side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of arsenic, gold and mercury poisoning. Indicated in acute lead poisoning when used concomitantly with edetate calcium disodium (DB00974).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Picrotoxin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used internally for relieving respiratory distress. Also for use as an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially barbiturates.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thiosulfuric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiosulfuric acid (as sodium thiosulfate) has the chemical name thiosulfuric acid, disodium salt, pentahydrate. The chemical formula is Na2S2O3•5H2O and the molecular weight is 248.17. Sodium Thiosulfate Injection is a cyanide antidote which contains one 50 mL glass vial containing a 25% solution of Sodium Thiosulfate Injection.It has been indicated as antidote for cyanide poisoning. It is also used as adjunct agent for patients taking cisplatin chemotherapy. Beside the above indications, sodium thiosulfate could be used as ingredient in the following: agricultural chemicals (non-pesticidal), fillers, intermediates, laboratory chemicals, oxidizing/reducing agents, process regulators, processing aids, and solids separation agents.
4. Indication:  Antidote: Sodium thiosulfate is indicated to counteract or neutralize actions of poisons, e.g. cyanide poisoning.Antineoplastic adjunct: 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fluoride ion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Having a chemical formula of F−, fluoride ion is the simplest inorganic, monatomic anion of fluorine with basic properties. It is considered as a trace element. Fluoride ions occur on earth in several minerals, particularly fluorite, but are only present in trace quantities in water. Its various salt forms and minerals play numerous roles as chemical reagents, industrial chemicals, and commercial products. It also plays an essential physiological role, such as enhancing the resistance profile and strength of the surface tooth enamel.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  1-Hexadecylsulfonyl Fluoride
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mercurochrome
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercurochrome is a trade name of merbromin. It is an organomercuric disodium salt compound and a fluorescein that is available in many countries, except Switzerland, France, Germany, and the United States where the drug was withdrawn from market due to the possibility of mercury poisoning. It is commonly used as a topical first-aid antiseptic agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.
4. Indication:  Used in preventing and treating iron-deficiency anemia.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Talbutal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For use as a sedative and hypnotic.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Nitrous acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitrous acid (as sodium nitrite) is used as part of an intravenous mixture with sodium thiosulfate to treat cyanide poisoning. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medications needed in a basic health system. There is also research to investigate its applicability towards treatments for heart attacks, brain aneurysms, pulmonary hypertension in infants, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
4. Indication:  For sequential use with sodium thiosulfate for the treatment of acute cyanide poisoning that is judged to be life-threatening [FDA Label].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Silibinin A
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Silibinin is the major active constituent of silymarin, a standardized extract of the milk thistle seeds, containing a mixture of flavonolignans consisting of silibinin, isosilibinin, silicristin, silidianin and others. Silibinin itself is mixture of two diastereomers, silybin A and silybin B, in approximately equimolar ratio. Both in vitro and animal research suggest that silibinin has hepatoprotective (antihepatotoxic) properties that protect liver cells against toxins. Silibinin has also demonstrated in vitro anti-cancer effects against human prostate adenocarcinoma cells, estrogen-dependent and -independent human breast carcinoma cells, human ectocervical carcinoma cells, human colon cancer cells, and both small and nonsmall human lung carcinoma cells.
4. Indication:  Currently being tested as a treatment of severe intoxications with hepatotoxic substances, such as death cap (Amanita phalloides) poisoning.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tofisopam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tofisopam (marketed under brand names Emandaxin and Grandaxin) is a 2,3-benzodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. In contrast to classical 1,4-benzodiazepines, the compound does not bind to the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor and its psychopharmacological profile differs from such compounds. Although Tofisopam is not approved for sale in North America, it is approved for use in various countries worldwide, including parts of Europe. The D-enantiomer (dextofisopam) is currently in phase II trials in the U.S. for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pralidoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. If given within 24 hours,after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the enzyme cholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Methanesulfonyl Fluoride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Methanesulfonyl Fluoride has been used in trials studying the treatment of Safety.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Mersalyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [4, 6]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [6]. Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [13].
4. Indication:  Elevated blood pressure, edema [6, 14].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Bufotenine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A hallucinogenic serotonin analog found in frog or toad skins, mushrooms, higher plants, and mammals, especially in the brains, plasma, and urine of schizophrenics. Bufotenin has been used as a tool in CNS studies and misused as a psychedelic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Podophyllin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the root of the plant Podophyllum sp. Berberidaceae (mandrake), which contains numerous compounds, among which podophyllotoxin. Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.
4. Indication:  25% podophyllin (in benzoin tincture) is indicated for the removal of soft genital (venereal) warts (condylomata acuminata).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
