DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fresolimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fresolimumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Brain Tumors, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Diffuse Systemic Sclerosis, Pleural Malignant Mesothelioma, and Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cod liver oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Cod liver oil is extracted from the liver of cod fish and mainly consists of omega-3 fatty acids, eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Also being a rich source of vitamin A and D, cod liver oil can be taken orally as daily supplements. It is used as an adjunct treatment and preventative therapy of rickets, osteomalacia and osteoporosis while meeting the consumption criteria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Galactose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galactose has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Hepatic Cancer, Wilsons Disease, Diabetic Macular Oedema, and Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ADL 10-0101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis. Trials are also being conducted for relieving burn pain and dermal itch.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Defactinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Defactinib has been investigated for the treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mimosine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  3-Hydroxy-4-oxo-1(4H)-pyridinealanine. An antineoplastic alanine-substituted pyridine derivative isolated from Leucena glauca. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sparsentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sparsentan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis. Sparsentan is the first and only dual-acting angiotensin and endothelin receptor antagonist (DARA) in development.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Gallium citrate Ga 67
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]
4. Indication:  Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful to demonstrate the presence and extent of Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Positive gallium Ga-67 uptake in the absence of prior symptoms warrants follow-up as an indication of a potential disease state. Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful as an aid in detecting some acute inflammatory lesions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Abafungin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections, bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, and onychomycosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlortetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Chlortetracycline is a tetracycline antibiotic, the first tetracycline to be identified. It was discovered in 1945 by Benjamin Minge Duggar working at Lederle Laboratories under the supervision of Yellapragada Subbarow. Duggar identified the antibiotic as the product of an actinomycete he cultured from a soil sample collected from Sanborn Field at the University of Missouri. The organism was named Streptomyces aureofaciens and the isolated drug, Aureomycin, because of their golden color.
4. Indication:  Used in the manufacuring of medicated animal feeds [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Azathioprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An immunosuppressive antimetabolite pro-drug. It is an imidazolyl derivative of 6-mercaptopurine and many of its biological effects are similar to those of the parent compound. Azathioprine is converted into 6-mercaptopurine in the body where it blocks purine metabolism and DNA synthesis.
4. Indication:  For use in rheumatoid arthritis, preventing renal transplant rejection, Crohn's disease, and colitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Permethrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrethroid insecticide commonly used in the treatment of lice infestations and scabies. It is a yellow to light orange-brown, low melt-ing solid or viscous liquid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infestation with Sarcoptes scabiei (scabies).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Primidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antiepileptic agent related to the barbiturates; it is partly metabolized to phenobarbital in the body and owes some of its actions to this metabolite. Adverse effects are reported to be more frequent than with phenobarbital. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p309)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mangafodipir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. It consists of two parts, the paramagnetic manganese (II) ions and the chelating agent fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an organ-specific paramagnetic contrast agent developed for imaging of the hepatobiliary system and detecting lesions in liver and pancreas.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Stearic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Stearic acid (IUPAC systematic name: octadecanoic acid) is one of the useful types of saturated fatty acids that comes from many animal and vegetable fats and oils. It is a waxy solid. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dichloroacetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dichloroacetic acid, often abbreviated DCA, is an acid analogue of acetic acid in which two of the three hydrogen atoms of the methyl group have been replaced by chlorine atoms. The salts and esters of dichloroacetic acid are called dichloroacetates. Salts of DCA are used as drugs since they inhibit the enzyme pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase. Early reports of its activity against brain cancer cells led patients to treat themselves with DCA, which is commercially available in non-pharmaceutical grade. A phase 1 study in 5 patients concluded that DCA was safe, but wasn't designed to establish effectiveness.DCA was approved for use in Canada in 1989 (as a topical formulation for treatment of warts and for cauterization and removal of a wide variety of skin and tissue lesions), but was cancelled post market.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Oxiconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxiconazole nitrate (U.S.: Oxistat, Canada: Oxizole) is an antifungal medication typically administered in a cream or lotion to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch and ringworm. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of dermal fungal infection.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Parachlorophenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  P-chlorophenol is a white crystals with a strong phenol odor. Slightly soluble to soluble in water, depending on the isomer, and denser than water. Noncombustible.
4. Indication:  Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis of dyes and drugs.Local antibacterial agent in root canal therapy, as topical antiseptic in ointments
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lindane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pediculosis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients infested with Sarcoptes scabiei or pediculosis capitis who have either failed to respond to adequate doses, or are intolerant of other approved therapies.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Levetiracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levetiracetam is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. Levetiracetam may selectively prevent hypersynchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. Levetiracetam binds to the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A, which is thought to be involved in the regulation of vesicle exocytosis. Although the molecular significance of levetiracetam binding to synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is not understood, levetiracetam and related analogs showed a rank order of affinity for SV2A which correlated with the potency of their antiseizure activity in audiogenic seizure-prone mice.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults and children 4 years of age and older with epilepsy.
