DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolnaftate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.
4. Indication:  Tolnaftate topical is used to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, and ringworm infections. Tolnaftate is also used, along with other antifungals, to treat infections of the nails, scalp, palms, and soles of the feet. The powder and powder aerosol may be used to prevent athlete's foot.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Telbermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telbermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Foot Ulcer, Diabetic, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Undecylenate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Undecylenate, or undecylenic acid, is an unsaturated fatty acid with a terminal double bond that is derived from castor oil. Undecylenic acid is also found naturally in the human sweat. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of aromatic chemicals, polymers or modified silicones [6]. Undecylenic acid was first isolated from the products of distillation of castor oil in 1877 via pyrolysis of ricinoleic acid, and has been polymerized for vinyl production [1]. It it suggested that many organic fatty acids exert fungicidal or fungistatic actions. Undecylenic acid also possesses antifungal properties, but is never used on its own for antifungal purposes. Salts of undecylenate are found in topical over-the-counter or mixture products as antifungal agents. Zinc undecylenate is an example of a topical antifungal agent that treats skin infections such as athlete’s foot and relieves itching, burning, and irritation associated with the skin condition. Due to its bifunctional properties, undecylenate is also used as a linking molecule to conjugate other biomolecules such as proteins. It serves as an acid moiety for anabolic steroid boldenone.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of fungal infections as a salt form. No therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aclerastide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aclerastide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Foot, Diabetic Foot Ulcers, and Foot Ulcer, Diabetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Terbinafine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal. It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (squalene 2,3-epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatophyte infections of the toenail or fingernail caused by susceptible fungi. Also for the treatment of tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and tinea corporis (body ringworm) or tinea cruris (jock itch).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Propolis wax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propolis wax is naturally produced by honeybees by mixing the resin or exudate collected from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources with beeswax that contains fatty acids and bee enzymes. Propolis itself contains various chemical compounds including flavonoids, terpenoids, aldehydes, aromatic acids, aliphatic alcohols and ethers, amino acids, and sugars.It is often found in topical formulations used to soothe minor skin irritations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Isoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoconazole is an azole antifungal drug that has similar effectiveness to clotrimazole in the treatment of foot and vaginal infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ketanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ketanserin has been investigated for the treatment of Septic Shock, Severe Sepsis, and Diabetic Foot Ulcer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
