DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolnaftate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.
4. Indication:  Tolnaftate topical is used to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, and ringworm infections. Tolnaftate is also used, along with other antifungals, to treat infections of the nails, scalp, palms, and soles of the feet. The powder and powder aerosol may be used to prevent athlete's foot.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Telbermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telbermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Foot Ulcer, Diabetic, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Undecylenate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Undecylenate, or undecylenic acid, is an unsaturated fatty acid with a terminal double bond that is derived from castor oil. Undecylenic acid is also found naturally in the human sweat. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of aromatic chemicals, polymers or modified silicones [6]. Undecylenic acid was first isolated from the products of distillation of castor oil in 1877 via pyrolysis of ricinoleic acid, and has been polymerized for vinyl production [1]. It it suggested that many organic fatty acids exert fungicidal or fungistatic actions. Undecylenic acid also possesses antifungal properties, but is never used on its own for antifungal purposes. Salts of undecylenate are found in topical over-the-counter or mixture products as antifungal agents. Zinc undecylenate is an example of a topical antifungal agent that treats skin infections such as athlete’s foot and relieves itching, burning, and irritation associated with the skin condition. Due to its bifunctional properties, undecylenate is also used as a linking molecule to conjugate other biomolecules such as proteins. It serves as an acid moiety for anabolic steroid boldenone.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of fungal infections as a salt form. No therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aclerastide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aclerastide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Foot, Diabetic Foot Ulcers, and Foot Ulcer, Diabetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Terbinafine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal. It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (squalene 2,3-epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatophyte infections of the toenail or fingernail caused by susceptible fungi. Also for the treatment of tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and tinea corporis (body ringworm) or tinea cruris (jock itch).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Desoximetasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid used in dermatoses, skin allergies, psoriasis, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Propolis wax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propolis wax is naturally produced by honeybees by mixing the resin or exudate collected from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources with beeswax that contains fatty acids and bee enzymes. Propolis itself contains various chemical compounds including flavonoids, terpenoids, aldehydes, aromatic acids, aliphatic alcohols and ethers, amino acids, and sugars.It is often found in topical formulations used to soothe minor skin irritations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  MDX-018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-018, also known as HuMax-Inflam, is a fully human antibody that is directed to IL-8 (interleukin-8) and may have potential application in oncology and inflammation. Trials will initially focus on studies to treat glioblastoma, a cancer of the central nervous system. Other possible indications include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and pustular dermatoses. In pre-clinical studies, HuMax-Inflam has been shown to inhibit tumor growth in tumor models using primary human tumors in immunodeficient mice. HuMax-Inflam was also effective in reducing disease activity in palmoplantar pustulosis patients in a clinical study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hydrocortamate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydrocortamate is a synthetic glucocorticoid used for its anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressive properties to treat inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Glucocorticoids are a class of steroid hormones characterised by an ability to bind with the cortisol receptor and trigger a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic effects.
4. Indication:  Used topically as an antiinflammatory in the treatment of steroid-responsive dermatoses
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Clocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clocortolone is a medium potency corticosteroid that is often used as a topical cream for the relief of inflammatory oand pruritic (itching) arising from steroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.
4. Indication:  For short-term topical treatment of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of moderate to severe corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  LTX-109
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LTX-109 has been investigated for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis, Mild Eczema/Dermatoses, and Gram-positive, Skin Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Bufexamac
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bufexamac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) under the market name Paraderm and Parfenac. It is typically administered topically to treat skin irritations and conditions such as eczema and other inflammatory dermatoses. Its main mechanism of action is thought to be through inhibition of cyooxygenase enzyme.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Diflorasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diflorasone is a topical corticosteroid used to treat itching and inflammation of the skin.
4. Indication:  For relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ulobetasol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulobetasol (as ulobetasol propionate) is thought to act by the induction of phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, collectively called lipocortins. It is postulated that these proteins control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes by inhibiting the release of their common precursor arachidonic acid. Arachidonic acid is released from membrane phospholipids by phospholipase A2. It is used for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Isoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoconazole is an azole antifungal drug that has similar effectiveness to clotrimazole in the treatment of foot and vaginal infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ketanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ketanserin has been investigated for the treatment of Septic Shock, Severe Sepsis, and Diabetic Foot Ulcer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
