DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolnaftate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.
4. Indication:  Tolnaftate topical is used to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, and ringworm infections. Tolnaftate is also used, along with other antifungals, to treat infections of the nails, scalp, palms, and soles of the feet. The powder and powder aerosol may be used to prevent athlete's foot.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Telbermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telbermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Foot Ulcer, Diabetic, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Undecylenate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Undecylenate, or undecylenic acid, is an unsaturated fatty acid with a terminal double bond that is derived from castor oil. Undecylenic acid is also found naturally in the human sweat. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of aromatic chemicals, polymers or modified silicones [6]. Undecylenic acid was first isolated from the products of distillation of castor oil in 1877 via pyrolysis of ricinoleic acid, and has been polymerized for vinyl production [1]. It it suggested that many organic fatty acids exert fungicidal or fungistatic actions. Undecylenic acid also possesses antifungal properties, but is never used on its own for antifungal purposes. Salts of undecylenate are found in topical over-the-counter or mixture products as antifungal agents. Zinc undecylenate is an example of a topical antifungal agent that treats skin infections such as athlete’s foot and relieves itching, burning, and irritation associated with the skin condition. Due to its bifunctional properties, undecylenate is also used as a linking molecule to conjugate other biomolecules such as proteins. It serves as an acid moiety for anabolic steroid boldenone.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of fungal infections as a salt form. No therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aclerastide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aclerastide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Foot, Diabetic Foot Ulcers, and Foot Ulcer, Diabetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Terbinafine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal. It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (squalene 2,3-epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatophyte infections of the toenail or fingernail caused by susceptible fungi. Also for the treatment of tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and tinea corporis (body ringworm) or tinea cruris (jock itch).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sodium aurothiomalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.
4. Indication:  As anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of arthritis. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, DMARD.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Propolis wax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propolis wax is naturally produced by honeybees by mixing the resin or exudate collected from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources with beeswax that contains fatty acids and bee enzymes. Propolis itself contains various chemical compounds including flavonoids, terpenoids, aldehydes, aromatic acids, aliphatic alcohols and ethers, amino acids, and sugars.It is often found in topical formulations used to soothe minor skin irritations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Isoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoconazole is an azole antifungal drug that has similar effectiveness to clotrimazole in the treatment of foot and vaginal infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ketanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ketanserin has been investigated for the treatment of Septic Shock, Severe Sepsis, and Diabetic Foot Ulcer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Baricitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Baricitinib is a selective and reversible Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and 2 (JAK2) inhibitor. Janus kinases belong to the tyrosine protein kinase family and play an important role in the proinflammatory pathway signalling that is frequently over-activated in autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis. By blocking the actions of JAK1/2, baricitinib disrupts the activation of downstream signalling molecules and proinflammatory mediators. Rheumatoid arthritis is a progressive autoimmune disease commonly associated with discomfort, diasability, and joint damage. Throughout disease progression, the disease may further lead to joint erosions and deformities, causing premature mortality, functional impairment, and reduced quality of life [3]. While there are several disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) available for treatment, patients often experience inadequate threapeutic resposes to these drugs. In animal models of inflammatory arthritis, baricitinib was shown to have significant anti-inflammatory effects, but also led to preservation of cartilage and bone, with no detectable suppression of humoral immunity or adverse hematologic effects [1].In February 2017, Baricitinib was approved for use in the EU as a second-line oral therapy for moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults, either alone or in combination with methotrexate. It is marketed under the trade name Olumiant.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs as monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bifonazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bifonazole is an azole antifungal drug. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of various topical fungal infections, including athlete's foot (tinea pedis).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sulconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulconazole, brand name Exelderm, is a broad-spectrum anti-fungal agent available as a topical cream and solution. Sulconazole nitrate, the active ingredient, is an imidazole derivative that inhibits the growth of common pathogenic dermatophytes making it an effective treatment for tinea cruris and tinea corporis infections. 
4. Indication:  Sulconazole solution 1.0% is indicated for the treatment of tinea cruris and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Epidermophyton floccosum, and Microsporum canis; and for the treatment of tinea versicolor. Effectiveness has not been proven in tinea pedis (athlete’s foot).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Formaldehyde
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly reactive aldehyde gas formed by oxidation or incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons. In solution, it has a wide range of uses: in the manufacture of resins and textiles, as a disinfectant, and as a laboratory fixative or preservative. Formaldehyde solution (formalin) is considered a hazardous compound, and its vapor toxic. (From Reynolds, Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p717)
4. Indication:  Use for drying skin before or after surgical removal of warts or where dryness is required. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tea tree oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tea tree oil is also referred to as melaleuca oil due to its origin from Melaleuca alternifolia, a tea tree native to Australia. The oil is extracted from the leaves via distillation. It has been used in traditional medicine due to its antiseptic properties, however the mechanism of action of tea tree oil is unclear. Oral ingestion of tea tree oil is toxic, so it is topically applied for skin conditions such as fungal infections, acne, lice, scabies, athlete's foot (tinea pedis) and dandruff. It is also found in cosmetics and skin products to reduce skin blemishes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sonedenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sonedenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Diabetic and Diabetes Complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Haloprogin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Haloprogin is used as a topical ointment or cream in the treatment of Tinea infections. Tinea infections are superficial fungal infections caused by three species of fungi collectively known as dermatophytes (Trichophyton, Microsporum and Epidermophyton). Commonly these infections are named for the body part affected, including tinea corporis (general skin), tinea cruris (groin), and tinea pedis (feet). Haloprogin is a halogenated phenolic ether administered topically for dermotaphytic infections. The mechanism of action is unknown, but it is thought to be via inhibition of oxygen uptake and disruption of yeast membrane structure and function. Haloprogin is no longer available in the United States and has been discontinued. 
4. Indication:  Used to treat fungal (Tinea) skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, ringworm, and tinea versicolor.
