DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Potassium carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium carbonate (K2CO3) is a white salt, soluble in water (insoluble in ethanol) which forms a strongly alkaline solution. It can be made as the product of potassium hydroxide's absorbent reaction with carbon dioxide. It is deliquescent, often appearing a damp or wet solid.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Disulfiram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of chronic alcoholism
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Basiliximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant chimeric (murine/human) monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) that functions as an immunosuppressive agent, specifically binding to and blocking the interleukin-2 receptor a-chain (IL-2R alpha, also known as CD25 antigen) on the surface of activated T-lymphocytes. It is a 144 kDa glycoprotein obtained from fermentation of an established mouse myeloma cell line genetically engineered to express plasmids containing the human heavy and light chain constant region genes and mouse heavy and light chain variable region genes encoding the RFT5 antibody that binds selectively to the IL-2R alpha.
4. Indication:  For prophylactic treatment of kidney transplant rejection
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Phosphocreatine
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Phosphocreatine - or creatine phosphate - is the phosphorylated form of creatine. It is primarily found endogenously in the skeletal muscles of vertebrates where it serves a critical role as a rapidly acting energy buffer for muscle cell actions like contractions via its ability to regenerate adenosine triphosphate (ATP) from adenosine diphosphate (ADP).
4. Indication:  Phosphocreatine is a naturally occuring substance that is found predominantly in the skeletal muscles of vertebrates. Its primary utility within the body is to serve in the maintanence and recycling of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) for muscular activity like contractions.Given this utility of phosphocreatine to recycle ATP, the most plausible therapeutic potentials for its use involve conditions caused by energy shortage or by increased energy requirements - such as in ischemic stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It is important to note however that relatively little clinical research has been done to significantly further the evidence for any such indications, although it is administered intravenously for cardiovascular conditions in some countries.Additionally, because phosphocreatine is not regulated as a controlled substance it is taken as a supplement by some professional athletes as a means to perhaps increase short bursts of muscle strength or energy for professional athletics. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pargyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TNX-901
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TNX-901 is a therapeutic monoclonal antibodies designed to address significant unmet medical needs in the areas of asthma, allergy, inflammation and other diseases affecting the human immune system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aluminium monostearate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminium monostearate is an organic compound which is a salt of stearic acid and aluminium. It has the molecular formula Al(OH)2C18H35O2. It is also referred to as dihydroxyaluminium or dihydroxy(stearato)aluminium.It is used to form gels in the packaging of pharmaceuticals, and in the preparation of colors for cosmetics. It is usually safe in commercial products, but aluminium may accumulate in the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Clofazimine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fat-soluble riminophenazine dye used for the treatment of leprosy. It has been used investigationally in combination with other antimycobacterial drugs to treat Mycobacterium avium infections in AIDS patients. Clofazimine also has a marked anti-inflammatory effect and is given to control the leprosy reaction, erythema nodosum leprosum. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p1619)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lepromatous leprosy, including dapsone-resistant lepromatous leprosy and lepromatous leprosy complicated by erythema nodosum leprosum.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  L-Citrulline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Citrulline is an amino acid. It is made from ornithine and carbamoyl phosphate in one of the central reactions in the urea cycle. It is also produced from arginine as a by-product of the reaction catalyzed by NOS family. Its name is derived from citrullus, the Latin word for watermelon, from which it was first isolated.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Oxybuprocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxybuprocaine is the name of a local anesthetic, which is used especially in ophthalmology and otolaryngology. Oxybuprocaine binds to sodium channels and reversibly stabilizes the neuronal membrane which decreases its permeability to sodium ions.
4. Indication:  Used to temporarily numb the front surface of the eye so that the eye pressure can be measured or a foreign body removed.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dehydroascorbic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Dehydroascorbic acid is made from the oxidation of ascorbic acid. This reaction is reversible, but dehydroascorbic acid can instead undergo irreversible hydrolysis to 2,3-diketogulonic acid. Dehydroascorbic acid as well as ascorbic acid are both termed Vitamin C, but the latter is the main form found in humans. In the body, both dehydroascorbic acid and ascorbic acid have similar biological activity as antivirals but dehydroascorbic acid also has neuroprotective effects. Currently dehydroascorbic acid is an experimental drug with no known approved indications.
4. Indication:  There is no approved indication for dehydroascorbic acid, but it has potential therapeutic use in patients with certain viruses and ischemic stroke.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Creatine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An amino acid that occurs in vertebrate tissues and in urine. In muscle tissue, creatine generally occurs as phosphocreatine. Creatine is excreted as creatinine in the urine.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  L-Asparagine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A non-essential amino acid that is involved in the metabolic control of cell functions in nerve and brain tissue. It is biosynthesized from aspartic acid and ammonia by asparagine synthetase. (From Concise Encyclopedia Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 3rd ed)
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Insulin Glargine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin glargine is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12) as the production organism. It is an analogue of human insulin made by replacing the asparagine residue at position A21 of the A-chain with glycine and adding two arginines to the C-terminus (positions B31 and 32) of the B-chain. The resulting protein is soluble at pH 4 and forms microprecipitates at physiological pH 7.4. Small amounts of insulin glargine are slowly released from microprecipitates giving the drug a long duration of action (up to 24 hours) and no pronounced peak concentration. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus in patients over 17 years old who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for the control of hyperglycemia. May be used in pediatric patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for glycemic control. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ulinastatin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ulinastatin has been investigated for the prevention of Cardiovascular Disease and Adverse Reaction to Drug.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Florbetapir (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Florbetapir (18F) is a radiopharmaceutical compound containing the radionuclide fluorine-18 bound to the compound florbetapir, a molecule that binds with high affinity to beta amyloid plaque, a peptide that plays a key role in Alzheimer's Disease pathogenesis. Marketed as the product Amyvid, florbetapir 18F is indicated for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline. The radionucleide fluorine-18 was chosen as it has a half life of 110 minutes allowing it to accumulate sufficiently in the brain before undergoing positon emission decay.
4. Indication:  Florbetapir 18F is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Glutathione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A tripeptide with many roles in cells. It conjugates to drugs to make them more soluble for excretion, is a cofactor for some enzymes, is involved in protein disulfide bond rearrangement and reduces peroxides.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lumefantrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumefantrine is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with artemether for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of Plasmodium spp. and may be used to treat infections caused by P. falciparum and unidentified Plasmodium species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.
4. Indication:  Lumefantrine and artemether combination therapy is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum, including malaria acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas. May also be used to treat uncomplicated malaria when the Plasmodium species has not been identified. Indicated for use in adults and children greater than 5 kg. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is a hydrated form of anhydrous magnesium acetate salt with the chemical formula of Mg(CH3COO)2 • 4H2O. As a salt form of magnesium, magnesium acetate is one of the bioavailable forms of magnesium and forms a very water soluble compound. Magnesium is an essential element and second most abundant cation in the body that plays a key role in maintaining normal cellular function such as production of ATP and efficient enzyme activity. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate can be used as an electrolyte supplementation or a reagent in molecular biology experiments.
4. Indication:  Used as magnesium salf-containing laxatives to prevent constipation. It can bring synergistic effect to restore normal bowel function when using in combination with aluminum salts that induce bowel retention [8]. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is used as a source of water and electrolytes when combined with dextrose and other salts to form intravenous infusions. This injection can be used for patients with carbohydrate or magnesium deficiency, insulin hypoglycemia, constipation or hypertension during pregnancy.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Sodium carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Carbonate is the disodium salt of carbonic acid with alkalinizing property. When dissolved in water, sodium carbonate forms carbonic acid and sodium hydroxide. As a strong base, sodium hydroxide neutralizes gastric acid thereby acting as an antacid.
4. Indication:  Used topically for dermatitides, mouthwash, vaginal douche; veterinary use as emergency emetic.Occasionally, for dermatitides topically as a lotion. Medication (Vet): In solution to cleanse skin, in eczema, to soften scabs of ringworm.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Framycetin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial blepharitis, bacterial bonjunctivitis, corneal injuries, corneal ulcers and meibomianitis. For the prophylaxis of ocular infections following foreign body removal
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
