DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methyl-D9-choline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Methyl-D9-choline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01807910 (ER Stress in NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  QR-333
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-333 has been investigated as a treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. QR-333 is a concentrated and standardized nutrient based active compounds dosed in a topical cream designed to reduce oxidative stress and treat symptoms of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, a nerve disorder that can lead to numbness, skin ulcers, constant pain or extreme sensitivity to a stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Evatanepag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evatanepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tibial Fractures.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vitex agnus-castus fruit extract
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Vitex agnus-castus fruit extract is obtained from dry fruits of Vitex agnus-castus. The fruits contain mixture of iridoids, flavonoids and compounds in leaves and flowers that structurally resemble sex hormones. Clinical studies demonstrates effectiveness of vitex agnus-castus fruit extract in the management of premenstrual stress syndrome (PMS) and cyclical breast pain (mastalgia). The main mechanism of action of vitex agnus-castus fruit extract has not been fully elucidated, however it is suggested to modulate the stress-induced prolactin secretion via dopaminergic actions, and μ (mu) - and δ (delta) -opioid receptors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Fenbufen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  CHGN111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Inositol nicotinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Inositol nicotinate, also known as Inositol hexaniacinate/hexanicotinate or "no-flush niacin", is a niacin ester and vasodilator. It is used in food supplements as a source of niacin (vitamin B3), where hydrolysis of 1 g (1.23 mmol) inositol hexanicotinate yields 0.91 g nicotinic acid and 0.22 g inositol. Niacin exists in different forms including nicotinic acid, nicotinamide and other derivatives such as inositol nicotinate. It is associated with reduced flushing compared to other vasodilators by being broken down into the metabolites and inositol at a slower rate. Nicotinic acid plays an essential role in many important metabolic processes and has been used as lipid-lowering agent. Inositol nicotinate is prescribed in Europe under the name Hexopal as a symptomatic treatment for severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dietary supplement for the source of niacin. Has been investigated for potential beneficial effects on serum lipids. In Europe, inositol hexanicotinate is indicated as a patented drug known as Hexopal, which is therapeutically indicated for the symptomatic relief of severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pantothenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pantothenic acid, also called pantothenate or vitamin B5 (a B vitamin), is a water-soluble vitamin discovered by Roger J. Williams in 1919. For many animals, pantothenic acid is an essential nutrient. Animals require pantothenic acid to synthesize coenzyme-A (CoA), as well as to synthesize and metabolize proteins, carbohydrates, and fats.Pantothenic acid is the amide between pantoic acid and β-alanine. Small quantities of pantothenic acid are found in nearly every food, with high amounts in whole-grain cereals, legumes, eggs, meat, royal jelly, avocado, and yogurt. It is commonly found as its alcohol analog, the provitamin panthenol, and as calcium pantothenate. Pantothenic acid is an ingredient in some hair and skin care products. Only the dextrorotatory (D) isomer of pantothenic acid possesses biologic activity. The levorotatory (L) form may antagonize the effects of the dextrorotatory isomer. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Studied for the treatment of many uses such as treatment of testicular torsion, diabetic ulceration, wound healing, acne, obesity, diabetic peripheral polyneuropathy. It has also been investigated for its hypolipidemic effects and as cholesterol lowering agent.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Elesclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elesclomol is a novel, injectable, drug candidate that kills cancer cells by elevating oxidative stress levels beyond a breaking point, triggering programmed cell death. In preclinical models elesclomol showed potent killing of a broad range of cancer cell types at high doses, and an ability to strongly enhance the efficacy of certain chemotherapy agents, with minimal additional toxicity, at moderate doses. It is being developed by Synta Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Orvepitant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Orvepitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Depressive Disorder, Major, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Folic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (poaceae). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevention of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pivagabine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pivagabine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Stress and Anxiety.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ginseng
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginseng is promoted as an adaptogen (a product that increases the body's resistance to stress), one which can to a certain extent be supported with reference to its anticarcinogenic and antioxidant properties. Ginseng is also known to contain phytoestrogens.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bimoclomol is an investigational drug that induces stress proteins and has cytoprotective effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and wounds.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Apadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Apadenoson is a selective A2a adenosine receptor agonist designed for use as a pharmacologic stress agent in cardiac perfusion imaging studies. It is developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is in phase II of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Binodenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Binodenoson is a pharmacologic stress agent specific to the only adenosine receptor necessary for increased cardiac blood flow, the A2A receptor. This specificity allows Binodenoson to deliver - in a single injection - a more effective dose of medication with fewer side effects than current treatments, which typically require a 15-20 minute infusion.
4. Indication:  For cardiac pharmacologic stress SPECT imaging, which is used to diagnose coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  D-JNKI-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hearing loss.
