DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Neocartilage
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PG-530742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PG-530742 selectively inhibits certain matrix metalloproteinases that have been implicated in the cartilage degradation that occurs in osteoarthritis. By inhibiting these MMPs, it potentially limits cartilage degradation and disease progression. Studies are currently assessing the efficacy and safety of PG-530742 in the treatment of mild to moderate knee osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Glucosamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glucosamine is commonly used as a treatment for osteoarthritis, although its acceptance as a medical therapy varies. It is an amino sugar and a prominent precursor in the biochemical synthesis of glycosylated proteins and lipids. Since glucosamine is a precursor for glycosaminoglycans, and glycosaminoglycans are a major component of joint cartilage, supplemental glucosamine may help to rebuild cartilage and treat arthritis.
4. Indication:  Glucosamine is usually used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, although its efficacy is still in question.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  AE-941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AE-941 is a naturally occurring anti-angiogenic compound, extracted from cartilage, with multiple anti-angiogenic mechanisms of action that provide broad therapeutic potential for a number of diseases. It is currently in international Phase III trials for renal cell carcinoma and non-small-cell lung cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney cancer, lung cancer, macular degeneration, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sprifermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sprifermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Osteoarthritis, Knee and Cartilage Injury of Knee.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  N-Acetylglucosamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoarthritis, by itself or in combination with chondroitin sulfate.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  NCX 1015
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 1015 is nitric oxide-releasing derivative of prednisolone developed for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by NicOx SA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arthritis and arthritic pain and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Evatanepag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evatanepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tibial Fractures.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fenbufen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Anakinra
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). The difference between anakinra and the native human IL-1Ra is that anakinra has an extra methionine residue at the amino terminus. It is manufactured by using the E. coli expression system. Anakinra is composed of 153 amino acid residues. FDA approved on November 14, 2001. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult rheumatoid arthritis and treatment of Neonatal-Onset Multisystem Inflammatory Disease (NOMID). 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Diacerein
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diacerein is a prodrug which is metabolized to rhein. It is currently approved in France for the treatment of osteoarthritis although the use of diacerein is restricted due to the side effects including sevre diarrhea [6]. Diacerein is under investigation for the treatment of Insulin Resistance, Diabetes Mellitus (Type 2), and Diabetes-Related Complications.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of osteoarthritis affecting the hip or knee [6].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Aceclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with marked anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. It is reported to have a higher anti-inflammatory action or at least comparable effects than conventional NSAIDs in double-blind studies [2, 3, 5]. Aceclofenac potently inhibits the cyclo-oxygenase enzyme (COX) that is involved in the synthesis of prostaglandins, which are inflammatory mediators that cause pain, swelling, inflammation, and fever. It is orally administered for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. Aceclofenac belongs to BCS Class II as it possesses poor aqueous solubility [2]. It displays high permeability to penetrate into synovial joints where in patients with osteoarthritis and related conditions, the loss of articular cartilage in the area causes joint pain, tenderness, stiffness, crepitus, and local inflammation [1]. Aceclofenac is also reported to be effective in other painful conditions such as dental and gynaecological conditions [7]. In 1991, aceclofenac was developed as an analog of a commonly prescribed NSAID, Diclofenac, via chemical modification in effort to improve the gastrointestinal tolerability of the drug. It is a more commonly prescribed drug in Europe.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ketobemidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ketobemidone is a powerful opioid analgesic. Its effectiveness against pain is in the same range as morphine, and it also has some NMDA-antagonist properties. This makes it useful for some types of pain that don't respond well to other opioids. The most commonly cited equalisation ratio for analgesic doses is 25 mg of ketobemidone hydrobromide to 60 mg of morphine hydrochloride or sulfate and circa 8 mg of ketobemidone by injection.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of severe pain, such as postoperative, cancer, kidney stones and fractures.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Hydroxyproline
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Hydroxyproline is a neutral heterocyclic protein amino acid. It is found in collagen and as such it is common in many gelatin products. Hydroxyproline is mostly used as a diagnostic marker of bone turnover and liver fibrosis. Therapeutically, hydroxyproline is being studied as an an experimental medicine but is approved in France as a combination topical gel product called Cicactive for small, superficial wounds.
4. Indication:  Used in France as a combination product for the treatment of small, superficial wounds.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bazedoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bazedoxifene is a third generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), developed by Pfizer following the completion of their takeover of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. In late 2013, Pfizer received approval for bazedoxifene as part of the combination drug DUAVEE in the prevention (not treatment) of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is approved in the European Union (marketed in Italy and Spain) and Japan, and is in the late phases of review by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Bazedoxifene is yet to be approved by the FDA. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis and menopause.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Auranofin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Auranofin is a organogold compound classified by the World Health Organization as an antirheumatic agent. Auranofin appears to induce heme oxygenase 1 (HO-1) mRNA. Heme oxygenase 1 is an inducible heme-degrading enzyme with anti-inflammatory properties.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of active, progressive or destructive forms of inflammatory arthritis, such as adult rheumatoid arthritis.
