DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pentoxyverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pentoxyverine is a non-opioid central acting antitussive found in few OTC drugs. It is used in the symptomatic relief of cough associated with illnesses including the common cold, bronchitis or sinusitis. Its mechanism of action is not fully elucidated.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  SGS-742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), memory loss, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fenspiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Beclamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Beclamide (N-benzyl-B-chloropropionamide) is a drug that possesses anticonvulsant activity. It is no longer used. It has been used as a sedative and as an anticonvulsant. It was studied in the 1950s for its anticonvulsant properties, as a treatment for generalised tonic-clonic seizures. It was not effective for absence seizures.
4. Indication:  Has been used in the management of epilepsy and epilepsy related behavioural disorders. It was used for generalised tonic-clonic seizures, and was not effective for absence seizures.More recently focus has shifted to the use of beclamide in behavioural disorders. In mentally handicapped epileptic patients it has been found to decrease anxiety, antisocial and demanding behaviours, and impulsivity. Mood stabilizing effects were also noted. [2]Additionally, due to its effects on monoamines, beclamide may have a potential place in treating conditions such as tardive dyskinesia and hyperkinetic syndromes. [2]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dezocine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dezocine is a partial opiate drug and is used for pain management. Dezocine is a very effective alternative to fentanyl when administered during outpatient laparoscopy, although is associated with an increased incidence of postoperative nausea. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of moderate to severe pain.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Anakinra
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). The difference between anakinra and the native human IL-1Ra is that anakinra has an extra methionine residue at the amino terminus. It is manufactured by using the E. coli expression system. Anakinra is composed of 153 amino acid residues. FDA approved on November 14, 2001. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult rheumatoid arthritis and treatment of Neonatal-Onset Multisystem Inflammatory Disease (NOMID). 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Agomelatine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Agomelatine is structurally closely related to melatonin. Agomelatine is a potent agonist at melatonin receptors and an antagonist at serotonin-2C (5-HT2C) receptors, tested in an animal model of depression. Agomelatine was discovered and developed by the European pharmaceutical company Servier Laboratories Ltd. Servier continue to develop the drug and conduct phase III trials in the European Union. In 2005 Servier submitted Agomelatine to the European Medicines Agency (EMEA). On 27 July 2006 the Committee for Medical Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMEA recommended a refusal of the marketing authorisation of Valdoxan/Thymanax. The major concern was that efficacy had not been sufficiently shown. In 2006 Servier sold the rights to develop Agomelatine in the US to Novartis.The development for the US market was discontinued in October 2011. It is currently sold in Australia under the Valdoxan trade name.
4. Indication:  Agomelatine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ziprasidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain FDA approval (February 2001). Ziprasidone is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and the intramuscular injection form of ziprasidone is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients. Ziprasidone has also received approval for acute treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Aripiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic medication used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has also recently received FDA approval for the treatment of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder. Aripiprazole appears to mediate its antipsychotic effects primarily by partial agonism at the D2 receptor. In addition to partial agonist activity at the D2 receptor, aripiprazole is also a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and like the other atypical antipsychotics, aripiprazole displays an antagonist profile at the 5-HT2A receptor. Aripiprazole has moderate affinity for histamine and alpha adrenergic receptors, and no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Viloxazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Viloxazine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) that was used in some European countries as an antidepressant drug. It structurally differs from conventional tri- or tetra-cyclic antidepressants and it does not produce sedative anticholinergic or adrenergic effects in man [1]. While displaying amphetamine-like CNS stimulant effects, there is little evidence of drug dependence from viloxazine therapy. Viloxazine hydrochloride is a common active ingredient in drug formulation. It was discovered and brought to market in 1976 by Imperial Chemical Industries and in early 2000's, it was withdrawn from the market.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of clinical depression.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cefuroxime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic resistant to beta-lactamase. It has been proposed for infections with gram-negative and gram-positive organisms, gonorrhea, and haemophilus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of many different types of bacterial infections such as bronchitis, sinusitis, tonsillitis, ear infections, skin infections, gonorrhea, and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cefpodoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Cefpodoxime is an oral third generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is active against most Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. It is commonly used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, and sinusitis. Cefpodoxime proxetil is a prodrug which is absorbed and de-esterified by the intestinal mucosa to Cefpodoxime.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Gatifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. Bristol-Myers Squibb introduced Gatifloxacin in 1999 under the proprietary name Tequin® for the treatment of respiratory tract infections, having licensed the medication from Kyorin Pharmaceutical Company of Japan. Allergan produces an eye-drop formulation called Zymar®. Gatifloxacin is available as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, and skin infections (abscesses, wounds) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, S. aureus, M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, S. pyogenes
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Doxofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxofylline is a methylxanthine derivative with the presence of a dioxolane group in position 7. As a drug used in the treatment of asthma, doxofylline has shown similar efficacy to theophylline but with significantly fewer side effects in animal and human studies. Unlike other xanthines, doxofylline lacks any significant affinity for adenosine A1 or A2 receptors and does not produce stimulant effects. Decreased affinity for adenosine receptors may account for the better safety profile of doxofylline compared to theophylline [7]. Unlike theophylline, doxofylline does not affect calcium influx and does not antagonize the actions of calcium channel blockers which could explain reduced cardiac adverse reactions associated with the drug [5]. The anti-asthmatic effects of doxophylline are mediated by other mechanisms, primarily through inhibiting the activities of the phosphodiesterase (PDE) enzyme.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bronchial asthma and pulmonary disease with spastic bronchial component.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Quetiapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic effect on the histamine H1 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Olanzapine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olanzapine is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the FDA in 1996. Olanzapine is manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company, whose patent for olanzapine proper ends in 2011.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders, as well as acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar 1 disorder. Intramuscular olanzapine is indicated for the rapid control of agitated patients.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Telithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal infection, acute sinusitis, acute bacterial tonsillitis, acute bronchitis and bronchiolitis, lower respiratory tract infection and lobar (pneumococcal) pneumonia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Risperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Schizophrenia and various mood disorders are thought to be caused by an excess of dopaminergic D2 and serotonergic 5-HT2A activity, resulting in overactivity of central mesolimbic pathways and mesocortical pathways, respectively [11, 12].Risperidone inhibits dopaminergic D2 receptors and serotonergic 5-HT2A receptors in the brain. It is also said to block histamine receptors, and other neural receptors which are currently being studied [12, 3].Risperidone binds with a very high affinity to 5-HT2A receptors, approximately 10-20 fold greater than the drug's binding affinity to D2 receptors [11, 12, 3].
4. Indication:  Risperidone belongs to the class of medications known as ​second generation atypical antipsychotics [2, 3, 12]. It is widely used in the treatment of schizophrenia and mood disorders, including bipolar disorder and depression with pyschosis [3, 4, 11, 12].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Clozapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tricyclic dibenzodiazepine, classified as an atypical antipsychotic agent. It binds several types of central nervous system receptors, and displays a unique pharmacological profile. Clozapine is a serotonin antagonist, with strong binding to 5-HT 2A/2C receptor subtype. It also displays strong affinity to several dopaminergic receptors, but shows only weak antagonism at the dopamine D2 receptor, a receptor commonly thought to modulate neuroleptic activity. Agranulocytosis is a major adverse effect associated with administration of this agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Levofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of the following organisms: Corynebacterium species, Staphylococus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus (Groups C/F/G), Viridans group streptococci, Acinetobacter lwoffii, Haemophilus influenzae, Serratia marcescens.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Moxifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxifloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent. Bayer AG developed the drug (initially called BAY 12-8039) and it is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand name Avelox (in some countries also Avalox) for oral treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of sinus and lung infections such as sinusitis, pneumonia, and secondary infections in chronic bronchitis. Also for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis (pinkeye).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Naphazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naphazoline is a rapid acting sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of occular artierioles. It acts to decrease congestion of the conjunctiva and is found in many over-the-counter eye drops.
4. Indication:  Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis
