DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Isoquinoline
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  (1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  (1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenes. These are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. Known drug targets of (1R, 2S)-cis 1,2 dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene include naphthalene 1,2-dioxygenase subunit beta and naphthalene 1,2-dioxygenase subunit alpha.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the naphthalenes. These are compounds containing a naphthalene moiety, which consists of two fused benzene rings. The proteins that N-(3-cyclopropyl-1H-pyrazol-5-yl)-2-(2-naphthyl)acetamide targets include cyclin-A2 and cyclin-dependent kinase 2.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide is a solid. This compound belongs to the pyrrolotriazines. These are compounds containing a pyrrolotriazine moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to a triazine ring. N-ethyl-4-{[5-(methoxycarbamoyl)-2-methylphenyl]amino}-5-methylpyrrolo[2,1-f][1,2,4]triazine-6-carboxamide is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 14.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Inhibitor of P38 Kinase
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Inhibitor of P38 Kinase is a solid. This compound belongs to the indoles. These are compounds containing an indole moiety, which consists of a pyrrole ring fused to benzene to form 2,3-benzopyrrole. This drug is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 14.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Calcium Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium and phosphate supplement, antacid, or a source of calcium and phosphate in toothpaste [FDA Label] [3].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  1-(3-bromophenyl)-7-chloro-6-methoxy-3,4-dihydroisoquinoline is a solid. This compound belongs to the isoquinolines and derivatives. These are aromatic polycyclic compounds containing an isoquinoline moiety, which consists of a benzene ring fused to a pyridine ring and forming benzo[c]pyridine. This medication is known to target mitogen-activated protein kinase 10.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Eugenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eugenol is a naturally occurring phenolic molecule found in several plants such as cinnamon, clove, and bay leaves. It has been used as a topical antiseptic as a counter-irritant and in dental preparations with zinc oxide for root canal sealing and pain control. Although not currently available in any FDA-approved products (including OTC), eugenol has been found to have anti-inflammatory, neuroprotective, antipyretic, antioxidant, antifungal and analgesic properties. Its exact mechanism of action is unknown, however, it has been shown to interfere with action potential conduction.There are a number of unapproved OTC products available containing eugenol that advertise its use for the treatment of toothache. 
4. Indication:  Eugenol is not currently available in any FDA-approved drug products. There are a number of unapproved OTC products that advertise it for the use of toothache. Eugenol is is also commonly used in combination with zinc oxide in dental procedures for the cementation of temporary prostheses and the temporary restoration of teeth and cavities.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.
4. Indication:  Phosphoric acid is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Albiglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Albiglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is marketed under the brands Eperzan and Tanzeum by GSK (GlaxoSmithKline). It is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4-resistant glucagon-like peptide-1 dimer fused to human albumin. Albiglutide was approved on April 15, 2014 by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Chlortetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Chlortetracycline is a tetracycline antibiotic, the first tetracycline to be identified. It was discovered in 1945 by Benjamin Minge Duggar working at Lederle Laboratories under the supervision of Yellapragada Subbarow. Duggar identified the antibiotic as the product of an actinomycete he cultured from a soil sample collected from Sanborn Field at the University of Missouri. The organism was named Streptomyces aureofaciens and the isolated drug, Aureomycin, because of their golden color.
4. Indication:  Used in the manufacuring of medicated animal feeds [FDA Label].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Teicoplanin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Teicoplanin is a glycopeptide antibiotic. It is a mixture of several compounds, five major (named teicoplanin A2-1 through A2-5) and four minor (named teicoplanin RS-1 through RS-4). All teicoplanins share a same glycopeptide core, termed teicoplanin A3-1, a fused ring structure to which two carbohydrates (mannose and N-acetylglucosamine) are attached. The major and minor components also contain a third carbohydrate moiety, β-D-glucosamine, and differ only by the length and conformation of a side chain attached to it.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tisagenlecleucel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tisagenlecleucel is a CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapy, or a CAR-T cell therapy for B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. It was granted approval by FDA in August 2017 under the market name Kymriah. Tisagenlecleucel is an immunocellular therapy that involves autologous T cells that are collected from each individual patient and genetically engineered to express a specific protein called a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) that specifically target CD19 antigens. Modified T cells are infused back into the patient's body. These CD19-directed chimeric antigen receptors (CD19 CAR-T cells) direct the T cells to targt and kill leukiemia cells that express a specific antigen (CD19) on the cell surface.In a multicenter clinical trial involving pediatric and young adult patients with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL, the overall remission rate within three months of treatment was 83 percent [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of patients up to 25 years of age with B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that is refractory or in second or later relapse [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Myrrh
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Extractives and their physically modified derivatives such as tinctures, concretes, absolutes, essential oils, oleoresins, terpenes, terpene-free fractions, distillates, residues, obtained from Commiphora abyssinica, Burseraceae.
4. Indication:  FDA approved only for use in food. Historically used for indigestion, ulcers, colds, cough, asthma, bronchial congestion, arthritic pain, cancer, leprosy, and syphilis. It is also used orally as a stimulant, antispasmodic, and to increase menstrual flow. Topically, myrrh is used for mild inflammation of the oral and pharyngeal mucosa, aphthous ulcers, gingivitis, chapped lips, hemorrhoids, bedsores, wounds, abrasions, furunculosis, bad breath, and loose teeth. In foods and beverages, myrrh is used as a flavoring component. In manufacturing, myrrh is used as a fragrance and fixative in cosmetics. It is also used in embalming and as incense. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ponatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ponatinib is a novel Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is especially effective against the T315I mutation for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ponatinib is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy or Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ALL) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tigecycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tigecycline is a glycylcycline antibiotic developed and marketed by Wyeth under the brand name Tygacil. It was given a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) fast-track approval and was approved on June 17, 2005. It was developed in response to the growing prevalence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the following conditions: Complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Escherichia coli, Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), Streptococcus pyogenes and Bacteroides fragilis. Complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by Citrobacter freundii, Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, Bacteroides uniformis, Bacteroides vulgatus, Clostridium perfringens, and Peptostreptococcus micros.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hydralazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension, alone or as an adjunct. Also for the management of severe hypertension when the drug cannot be given orally or when blood pressure must be lowered immediately, congestive heart failure (in combination with cardiac glycosides and diuretics and/or with isosorbide dinitrate), and hypertension secondary to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Efmoroctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as Moroctocog alfa[1]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [1]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [1, 2]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [2]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and Antihemophilic factor human, which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [1]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Eftrenonacog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [1]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [2]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [2]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all age with haemophilia B (congenital factor IX deficiency).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Brigatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brigatinib, originally named AP26113, is a reversible dual inhibitor of anaplastic lymphoma kinase (ALK) and epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR). It presents selectivity against the mutant forms of EGFR compared to the wild-type.[1] It also exhibits selectivity against 9 different Crizotinib-resistant mutants of the EML4-ALK fusion gene, which is a pivotal player in the transformation of susceptible lung parenchyma.[2] Brigatinib was developed by Ariad Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, and FDA-approved on April 28, 2017.[9]
4. Indication:  The anaplastic lymphoma kinase positive, metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (ALK+ NSCLC), represents only 3-5% of the NSCLC cancer cases, but the ALK mutation, overexpression and presence in several oncogenic fusion proteins in solid and hematologic tumors have pointed out the importance as well as its potential as a cancer therapy target.[1] The ALK-related cases of NSCLC are associated with the presence of the fusion gene EML4-ALK which fused the ALK protein with the echinoderm microtubule-associated protein like-4 whose original function is the correct formation of microtubules.[2] The presence of the aberrant fusion protein results in abnormal signaling that provokes increased cell growth, proliferation and survival.[4] Crizotinib is indicated for the treatment of such cases but the presence of ALK kinase domain mutations confer resistance to the treatment. Thus, brigatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with ALK+ NSCLC with intolerance to Crizotinib.[3]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
