DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mitemcinal
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitemcinal (GM-611) is a novel erythromycin-derived prokinetic agent that acts as an agonist at the motilin receptor.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroparesis and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  GM6001
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sargramostim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sargramostim is a human recombinant granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) expressed in yeast. It is a glycoprotein that is 127 residues. Substitution of Leu23 leads to a difference from native protein.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer and bone marrow transplant
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  recombinant human GM-CSF
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Human GM-CSF (Granulocyte/Monocyte-Colony Stimulating Factor) is a differentially glycosylated factor produced mainly by activated T cells and macrophages. Endothelial cells and fibroblasts can also produce GM-CSF after exposure to TNF-α, IL-1, IL-2 and IFN-γ. GM-CSF is found associated with extracellular matrix and in membrane-bound formats too. GM-CSF stimulates proliferation, activation and differentiation of macrophages and granulocytes and their progenitors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and bone marrow transplant.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Magnesium pidolate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium pidolate is a magnesium salt of pidolic acid and is used as a mineral supplement. It has been previously studied as a possible treatment of sickle cell disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sorbitol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A polyhydric alcohol with about half the sweetness of sucrose. Sorbitol occurs naturally and is also produced synthetically from glucose. It was formerly used as a diuretic and may still be used as a laxative and in irrigating solutions for some surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  Used as a non-stimulant laxative via an oral suspension or enema.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ticarcillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antibiotic derived from penicillin similar to carbenicillin in action.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cefamandole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefamandole (INN, also known as cephamandole) is a broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic. The clinically used form of cefamandole is the formate ester cefamandole nafate, a prodrug which is administered parenterally. Cefamandole is no longer available in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Xylose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Xylose is a monosaccharide of the aldopentose type consisted of five carbon atoms and an aldehyde functional group. With its free aldehyde group, it is a reducing sugar. Xylose is a sugar first isolated from wood. D-Xylose is a sugar widely used as diabetic sweetener in food and beverage. Xylose is also used as a diagnostic agent to observe malabsorption in veterinary medicine. Reduction of xylose by catalytic hydrogenation produces the sugar substitute Xylitol.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cefoxitin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefoxitin is a semi-synthetic, broad-spectrum cepha antibiotic for intravenous administration. It is derived from cephamycin C, which is produced by Streptomyces lactamdurans.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains microorganisms.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Proguanil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Proguanil is a prophylactic antimalarial drug, which works by stopping the malaria parasite, Plasmodium falciparum and Plasmodium vivax, from reproducing once it is in the red blood cells. It does this by inhibiting the enzyme, dihydrofolate reductase, which is involved in the reproduction of the parasite.
4. Indication:  For the causal prevention and suppression of malaria caused by susceptible strains of P. falciparum and other species of Plasmodium found in some geographical areas of the world.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lactose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A disaccharide of GLUCOSE and GALACTOSE in human and cow milk. It is used in pharmacy for tablets, in medicine as a nutrient, and in industry. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tolbutamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolbutamide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It is structurally similar to acetohexamide, chlorpropamide and tolazamide and belongs to the sulfonylurea class of insulin secretagogues, which act by stimulating β cells of the pancreas to release insulin. Sulfonylureas increase both basal insulin secretion and meal-stimulated insulin release. Medications in this class differ in their dose, rate of absorption, duration of action, route of elimination and binding site on their target pancreatic β cell receptor. Sulfonylureas also increase peripheral glucose utilization, decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis and may increase the number and sensitivity of insulin receptors. Sulfonylureas are associated with weight gain, though less so than insulin. Due to their mechanism of action, sulfonylureas may cause hypoglycemia and require consistent food intake to decrease this risk. The risk of hypoglycemia is increased in elderly, debilitated and malnourished individuals. Tolbutamide appears to be metabolized in the liver. Tolbutamide and its metabolites are excreted in urine (75-85%) and feces. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of NIDDM (non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus) in conjunction with diet and exercise.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sutilains
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sutilains is a topical agent that is used in the treatment of chemical debridement of burns.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cefalotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A cephalosporin antibiotic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent infection during surgery and to treat many kinds of infections of the blood, bone or joints, respiratory tract, skin, and urinary tract.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Halothane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. nitrous oxide is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficient muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)
4. Indication:  For the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Desoximetasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid used in dermatoses, skin allergies, psoriasis, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Thiopental
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the induction of general anesthesia or for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration. It is also used for hypnosis and for the control of convulsive states. It has been used in neurosurgical patients to reduce increased intracranial pressure. It does not produce any excitation but has poor analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. Small doses have been shown to be anti-analgesic and lower the pain threshold. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p920)
4. Indication:  For use as the sole anesthetic agent for brief (15 minute) procedures, for induction of anesthesia prior to administration of other anesthetic agents, to supplement regional anesthesia, to provide hypnosis during balanced anesthesia with other agents for analgesia or muscle relaxation, for the control of convulsive states during or following inhalation anesthesia or local anesthesia, in neurosurgical patients with increased intracranial pressure, and for narcoanalysis and narcosynthesis in psychiatric disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ifosfamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ifosfamide is a chemotherapeutic agent chemically related to the nitrogen mustards and a synthetic analog of cyclophosphamide. It is active as an alkylating agent and an immunosuppresive agent. 
4. Indication:  Used as a component of various chemotherapeutic regimens as third-line therapy for recurrent or refractory germ cell testicular cancer. Also used as a component of various chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of cervical cancer, as well as in conjunction with surgery and/or radiation therapy in the treatment of various soft tissue sarcomas. Other indications include treatment of osteosarcoma, bladder cancer, ovarian cancer. small cell lung cancer, and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ceftriaxone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum cephalosporin antibiotic with a very long half-life and high penetrability to meninges, eyes and inner ears. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Disulfiram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of chronic alcoholism
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cholestyramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholestyramine or colestyramine is a bile acid sequestrant. Bile acid sequestrants are polymeric compounds which serve as ion exchange resins. Cholestyramine resin is quite hydrophilic, but insoluble in water.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated serum cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (elevated low density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol) who do not respond adequately to diet. Also for the relief of pruritus associated with partial biliary obstruction.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nystatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nystatin is a polyene antifungal drug to which many molds and yeasts are sensitive, including Candida spp. Nystatin has some toxicity associated with it when given intravenously, but it is not absorbed across intact skin or mucous membranes. It is considered a relatively safe drug for treating oral or gastrointestinal fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For treatment of cutaneous or mucocutaneous mycotic infections caused by Candida species
