DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dimercaprol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol is a potentially toxic drug, and its use may be accompanied by multiple side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of arsenic, gold and mercury poisoning. Indicated in acute lead poisoning when used concomitantly with edetate calcium disodium (DB00974).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Simethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simethicone is an orally administered antifoaming agent. It is mainly used to reduce gas from the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) in patients complaining from recurrent flatulence. Simethicone is a mixture of polydimethylsiloxane and hydrated silica gel. It exerts its action locally in the GIT, it is not absorbed into the blood stream.The main side effects of simethicone are GIT related including: mild diarrhea, nausea and vomiting.
4. Indication:  To relieve pain and discomfort caused by excess gas in the intestine and stomach in cases such as flatulence and post operative gaseous distention.It could be used also prior to an endoscopy to eliminate foam, gas and air from the gastrointestinal tract to reduce gas shadow which will result in better visualization.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Magnesium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form.Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke supressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant.It can also be used topically as an antiperspirant underarm deodorant or for relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative depending on the administered dose.As an antacid, it is used for the temporary relief of heartburn, upset stomach, sour stomach or acid indigestion.As a laxative, it is used for the relief of occasional constipation by promoting bowel movements for 30 minutes and up to 6 hours.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Xenon-133
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Xenon-133 is an isotope of xenon. It is a radionuclide that is inhaled to assess pulmonary function, and to image the lungs. It is also used to image blood flow, particularly in the brain.
4. Indication:  Inhalation of Xenon Xe 133 Gas has proved valuable for the evaluation of pulmonary function and for imaging the lungs. It may also be applied to assessment of cerebral flow. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Activated charcoal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Activated charcoal, or activated carbon, is an amorphous form of carbon prepared from incomplete combustion of carbonaceous organic matter. It is activated by an oxidizing gas flow at high temperature passed over its surface to make a fine network of pores, producing a material with large surface area and high affinity for various substances. It is used as a gastric decontaminant and emergency medication to treat poisonings following excessive oral ingestion of certain medications or poisons by absorbing most drugs and toxins. However its effects is rendered poor on some compounds including strong acids or bases, methanol and substances with limited absorptive capacity (including iron, lithium, arsenic). It works by binding to the poison in the gastric contents in a reversible fashion thus may be adminstered together with a cathartic to reduce the small intestine transit time. The clinical applications of activated charcoal occured in the early 1800's. While this management for acute poisoning is considered fairly invasive, it is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines that includes the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Used as a antidote to treat poisonings following excessive oral ingestion of certain medications or poisons. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nitrous oxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", is a chemical compound with the chemical formula N2O. At room temperature, it is a colorless non-flammable gas, with a pleasant, slightly sweet odor and taste. It is used in surgery and dentistry for its anesthetic and analgesic effects. It is known as "laughing gas" due to the euphoric effects of inhaling it, a property that has led to its recreational use as an inhalant drug [Wikipedia].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Emeramide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emeramide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mercury Poisoning.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Helium He-3
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Helium He-3 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00846014 (Asthma Exacerbation and Helium-3 MRI).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Helium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas that heads the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.
4. Indication:  For use in patients who are not getting enough oxygen into their blood due to blockages in the lungs from pathological conditions or injuries. Suggested potential benefit in upper airway obstruction, in severe asthma, and in exacerbations of COPD/COLD. Helium may be used in place of carbon monoxide during laparoscopic surgeries as it lowers the risk of developing respiratory acidosis in selected patients. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Silicon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Neon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Neon is a chemical element with a chemical symbol Ne and atomic number 10. It is a noble gas that is colorless, odorless, inert and monatomic. It is the fifth most abundant chemical element in the universe by mass but a rare element on Earth. It displays a reddish-orange light, and is commonly used in signs with fluorescent lighting. It is also used in vacuum tubes, high-voltage indicators, lightning arresters, wave meter tubes, television tubes, and helium–neon lasers.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Perflutren
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perflutren, a diagnostic drug that is intended to be used for contrast enhancement during the indicated echocardiographic procedures, is comprised of lipid-coated microspheres filled with octafluoropropane(OFP) gas. When exposed to ultrasound waves, the microspheres resonate and "echo" strong signals back to the ultrasound machine. The difference in density between the gas-filled bubbles and the blood around them creates an increased level of contrast visible in the resulting ultrasound image. During echocardiography, activated Perflutren enhances images of the inner edges or borders of the heart, producing an improved image that may enable physicians to better diagnose patients.
4. Indication:  Used as an ultrasound contrast imaging in cardiology and radiology.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nitrogen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitrogen is a chemical element with symbol N and atomic number 7. At room temperature, it is a transparent, odorless diatomic gas.Liquid nitrogen is used principally in cryotherapy for removal of diseased skin. Liquid nitrogen helps in removal of skin lesions through necrosis, which results from the freezing and thawing of cells. Cryotherapy usually done in doctors' office. Also, nitrogen is very famous component in fertilizers and energy-stores.
4. Indication:  Liquid nitrogen is used mainly as a cryogenic agent for the treatment of various benign and malignant skin lesions. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Carbon monoxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbon monoxide (CO) is a colorless, odorless, and tasteless gas that is slightly less dense than air. It is toxic to hemoglobic animals (including humans) when encountered in concentrations above about 35 ppm, although it is also produced in normal animal metabolism in low quantities, and is thought to have some normal biological functions.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Succimer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lead poisoning in pediatric patients with blood lead levels above 45 µg/dL. May also be used to treat mercury or arsenic poisoning.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fomepizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.
4. Indication:  Antizol is indicated as an antidote for ethylene glycol (such as antifreeze) or methanol poisoning, or for use in suspected ethylene glycol or methanol ingestion, either alone or in combination with hemodialysis
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Aluminum hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aluminum hydroxide is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Sodium bicarbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium bicarbonate is a white, crystalline powder that is commonly used as a pH buffering agent, an electrolyte replenisher, systemic alkalizer and in topical cleansing solutions.
4. Indication:  Sodium bicarbonate is used for the treatment of metabolic acidosis which may occur in severe renal disease, uncontrolled diabetes, circulatory insufficiency due to shock or severe dehydration, extracorporeal circulation of blood, cardiac arrest and severe primary lactic acidosis. Also is indicated in severe diarrhea which is often accompanied by a significant loss of bicarbonate. Further indicated in the treatment of certain drug intoxications, including barbiturates (where dissociation of the barbiturateprotein complex is desired), in poisoning by salicylates or methyl alcohol and in hemolytic reactions requiring alkalinization of the urine to diminish nephrotoxicity of blood pigments.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Carbon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas vital to life on Earth. This naturally occurring chemical compound is composed of a carbon atom covalently double bonded to two oxygen atoms. Medical Carbon Dioxide is a liquefied medicinal gas, supplied in cylinders filled to a high pressure. Medical Carbon Dioxide may be used in different situations, e.g. during bodily investigations, to inflate body cavities during surgery (such as key-hole surgery), iand in solid form (dry ice) for freezing of tissue and removal of warts.
4. Indication:  Carbon dioxide is commonly used as an insufflation gas for minimal invasive surgery (laparoscopy, endoscopy, and arthroscopy) to enlarge and stabilize body cavities to provide better visibility of the surgical area. It has been used also in cryotherapy and as respiratory stimulant before and after anesthesia. It could be used also in expansion of blood vessels if required, to increase carbon dioxide level after rapid breathing, and to stimulate breathing after a period of nonbreathing. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calcium Carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  N-(P-CYANOPHENYL)-N'-DIPHENYLMETHYL-GUANIDINE-ACETIC ACID
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Picrotoxin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used internally for relieving respiratory distress. Also for use as an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially barbiturates.
