DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Secretin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  This drug is the synthetic form of natural secretin. It is prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. Secretin is a peptide hormone produced in the S cells of the duodenum. Its main effect is to regulate the pH of the small intestine’s contents through the control of gastric acid secretion and buffering with bicarbonate. It was the first hormone to be discovered.
4. Indication:  For diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and gastrinoma
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Human secretin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human secretin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone that regulates secretions in the stomach, pancreas, and liver. The hormone is produced from the enterochromaffin cells in the duodenum in response to the duodenal content with the pH less than 4.5 [5]. The main action of secretin is to stimulate the pancreas to secrete pancreatic juice for pH regulation in the small intestines. Secretin is also responsible in body fluid homeostasis [4] and bile production. Although it is a gastrointestinal hormone, secretin is also considered as a neuropeptide hormone since it is also expressed in the central nervous system [3].Purified synthetic human secretin, also referred to as RG1068, is available as an intravenous injection under the market name ChiRhoStim ® in the U.S.. It contains an amino acid sequence identical to the naturally occurring hormone consisting of 27 amino acids [FDA Label] that supports α-helical formation [3]. The carboxyl-terminal amino acid, valine, is amidated. Synthetic human secretin displays equivalent biological activity and properties as naturally-occurring secretin [1]. It is indicated for the stimulation of the pancreatic and gastric secretions to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and the diagnosis of gastrinoma, and facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the stimulation of:pancreatic secretions, including bicarbonate, to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction [FDA Label].gastrin secretion to aid in the diagnosis of gastrinoma [FDA Label].pancreatic secretions to facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A 177Lu-labeled somatostatin analog peptide, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate belongs to an emerging form of treatments called Peptide Receptor Radionuclide Therapy (PRRT), which involves targeting tumours with molecules carrying radioactive particles that bind to specific receptors expressed by the tumour. Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate may also be referred to as 177Lu-DOTA-Tyr3-octreotate. Compared to the alternative somatostatin analogue DOTA-Tyr3-octreotide (dotatoc), Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate displays higher uptake of radioactivity in tumors and better residence times [1]. In terms of biodistribution, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate demonstrated a lower whole-body retention, indicating potentially lower risk for bone marrow toxicity [1]. The presence of a radioligand allows monitoring of treatment response post therapy and prior to next fraction of the dose delivery which may be clinically beneficial in estimating the intensity of lesion uptakes or deciding the dose for subsequent administrations [3].Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate was approved by the FDA as Lutathera in January 2018 for intravenous injection. It is a first radiopharmaceutical agent to be approved for gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (GEP-NETs) and is indicated for adult patients with somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NETs [7]. Targeting pancreas and other parts of the gastrointestinal tract such as the intestines and colon, neuroendocrine tumors may commonly metastasize to metastasize to the mesentery, peritoneum, and liver [2]. Patients with GEP-NETs have limited second-line treatment options after the metastasis of tumors and inadequate therapeutic response from first-line therapies. In a clinical trial involving patients with advanced somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NET, the treatment of Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate in combination with octreotide resulted in longer progression-free survival compared to patients receiving octreotide alone and there was evidence of an overall survival benefit [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of somatostatin receptor-positive gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (GEP-NETs), including foregut, midgut, and hindgut neuroendocrine tumors in adults [FDA Label].
