DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mesenchymal Stem Cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from healthy donors improve cardiac function in experimental acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models. Osiris' stem cells are derived from human bone marrow. The source marrow is voluntarily donated by healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 30 years. Blood samples from the donor are screened prior to donation for transmissible diseases, including HIV and hepatitis, and the medical and social history of each donor is obtained to ascertain whether signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with high risk for carrying a disease are present.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Aviptadil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sofalcone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sofalcone is a mucosal protective agent that has been reported to inhibit growth of Helicobacter pylori. on adherence, production of vacuolating toxin (VT), and induction of interleukin-8 (IL-8) secretion by H. pylori.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroenteritis and ulcers.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Virginiamycin S1
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  One of the components of virginiamycin, a cyclic polypeptide antibiotic complex from streptomyces virginiae, s. Loidensis, s. Mitakaensis, s. Pristina-spiralis, s. Ostreogriseus, and others. It is used to treat infections with gram-positive organisms and as a growth promoter in cattle, swine, and poultry.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Racecadotril
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Racecadotril has been investigated for the basic science and treatment of Diarrhea, Acute Diarrhea, and Acute Gastroenteritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Trimethobenzamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trimethobenzamide is a novel antiemetic which prevents nausea and vomiting in humans. Its actions are unclear but most likely involves the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ). In dogs pretreated with trimethobenzamide HCl, the emetic response to apomorphine is inhibited, while little or no protection is afforded against emesis induced by intragastric copper sulfate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting and for nausea associated with gastroenteritis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Naldemedine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Naldemedine is an opioid receptor antagonist [FDA Label]. It is a modified form of Naltrexone to which a side chain has been added to increase molecular weight and polar surface area resulting in restricted transport across the blood brain barrier. Naldemedine was approved in 2017 in both the US and Japan for the treatment of Opioid-induced Constipation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of opioid-induced constipation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mercaptopurine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antimetabolite antineoplastic agent with immunosuppressant properties. It interferes with nucleic acid synthesis by inhibiting purine metabolism and is used, usually in combination with other drugs, in the treatment of or in remission maintenance programs for leukemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For remission induction and maintenance therapy of acute lymphatic leukemia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Colchicine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major alkaloid from Colchicum autumnale L. and found also in other Colchicum species. Its primary therapeutic use is in the treatment of gout, but it has been used also in the therapy of familial Mediterranean fever (periodic disease). [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of pain in attacks of acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Loperamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the long-acting synthetic antidiarrheals; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release locally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease or gastroenteritis. Also used for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Desoxyribonuclease
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desoxyribonuclease is a crystalline enzyme that aids in the digestion of the thymus nucleic acid. The mechanism of action of the enzyme involves the splitting of thymus nucleic acid into fragments approaching the size of tetranucleotides without the release of free phosphoric acid. The enzyme's cofactor is reported to be magnesium (or manganese) ions, although the optimal concentration of the ion is independent of the enzyme concentration [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  DG051
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  NCX 1015
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 1015 is nitric oxide-releasing derivative of prednisolone developed for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by NicOx SA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arthritis and arthritic pain and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sinecatechins
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Sinecatechins is a botanical drug product for topical use. It is a partially purified fraction of the water extract of green tea leaves from Camellia sinensis, and is a mixture of catechins and other green tea components. Catechins constitute 85 to 95% (by weight) of the total drug substance which includes more than 55% of Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCg), other catechin derivatives such as Epicatechin (EC), Epigallocatechin (EGC), Epicatechin gallate (ECg) and some additional minor catechin derivatives i.e. Gallocatechin gallate (GCg), Gallocatechin (GC), Catechin gallate (Cg), and Catechin (C). In addition to the known catechin components, it also contains gallic acid, caffeine, and theobromine which together constitute about 2.5% of the drug substance. The remaining amount of the drug substance contains undefined botanical constituents derived from green tea leaves.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of external genital and perianal warts (Condylomata acuminata) in immunocompetent patients 18 years and older.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  ND7001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ND7001, a selective PDE2 inhibitor is in clinical trials for the treatment of depression. ND7001 is a solid. Known drug targets of ND7001 including phosphodiesterase 2A, cGMP-stimulated and cGMP-dependent 3',5'-cyclic phosphodiesterase. It is a new type of antidepressant drug with anxiolytic activity. It is the first representative of a new generation of psycho-active compounds potentially devoid of several problems seen with existing treatments.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders and depression.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  ATL1102
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL1102 is a second-generation antisense inhibitor of CD49d, an immunesystem protein known as VLA-4, an immune cell molecule. It works by entering cells and targeting genes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Grn163l
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GRN163L is a novel anti-cancer drug. It has been characterized preclinically and shown to inhibit telomerase in human tumor cells of many cancer types (including lung, breast, prostate, liver, and early stage of human breast cancer), in both cell culture systems and animal models. Study of this drug shows the its potential utility in the treatment of patients with hematologic and solid tumor malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  GMX1777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GMX1777 is a water-soluble prodrug of the cyanoguanidine compound GMX1778 with potential antineoplastic activity. In vivo, apoptosis inducer GMX1777 is rapidly converted into GMX1778 through hydrolytic cleavage of a carbonate ester bond. Although the exact mechanism of action has yet to be fully elucidated, GMX1778 appears to antagonize nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kB) transcription, resulting in the induction of tumor cell apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of solid tumors and lymphomas.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  XL281
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL281 is a novel anticancer compound designed to potently inhibit the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway. Mutational activation of RAS occurs in about 30 percent of all human tumors, including non-small cell lung, pancreatic, and colon cancer. XL281 is a specific inhibitor of RAF kinases, including the mutant form of B-RAF, which is activated in 60 percent of melanomas, 24-44 percent of thyroid cancers, and 9 percent of colon cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
