DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  L-Carnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Constituent of striated muscle and liver. It is used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias.
4. Indication:  For treatment of primary systemic carnitine deficiency, a genetic impairment of normal biosynthesis or utilization of levocarnitine from dietary sources, or for the treatment of secondary carnitine deficiency resulting from an inborn error of metabolism such as glutaric aciduria II, methyl malonic aciduria, propionic acidemia, and medium chain fatty acylCoA dehydrogenase deficiency. Used therapeutically to stimulate gastric and pancreatic secretions and in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemias. Parenteral levocarnitine is indicated for the prevention and treatment of carnitine deficiency in patients with end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Paritaprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paritaprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as paritaprevir. As a newer generation and directly acting HCV antiviral, paritaprevir products have better Sustained Virological Response (SVR) rates, higher barriers to resistance, fewer side effects, and a reduced pill burden compared to older agents such as Boceprevir, Telaprevir, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, and Ribavirin. By combining multiple antiretroviral medications into fixed dose products, the viral lifecycle can be targeted at multiple stages while simultaneously reducing the risk of developing resistant viral strains [7]. Within Canada and the United States, paritaprevir is currently available in three fixed dose products: Viekira Pak (FDA), Technivie (FDA and Health Canada), and Holkira Pak (Health Canada).More specifically, paritaprevir prevents viral replication by inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [6]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, paritaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Paritaprevir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4[8]. Depending on the genotype, Paritaprevir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin, with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as paritaprevir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [5]. Paritaprevir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie, paritaprevir is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Azathioprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An immunosuppressive antimetabolite pro-drug. It is an imidazolyl derivative of 6-mercaptopurine and many of its biological effects are similar to those of the parent compound. Azathioprine is converted into 6-mercaptopurine in the body where it blocks purine metabolism and DNA synthesis.
4. Indication:  For use in rheumatoid arthritis, preventing renal transplant rejection, Crohn's disease, and colitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  FavId
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FavId, is an active immunotherapy that is based upon unique genetic information extracted from a patient's tumor.
4. Indication:  B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  VIR201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  is an experimental therapeutic vaccine currently in clinical trial. The aim of therapeutic vaccines is to augment the body's immune response to HIV and to delay or prevent progression to AIDS.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sofosbuvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sofosbuvir (tradename Sovaldi) is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [14]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as sofosbuvir. As a prodrug nucleotide analog, Sofosbuvir is metabolized into its active form as the antiviral agent 2'-deoxy-2'-α-fluoro-β-C-methyluridine-5'-triphosphate (also known as GS-461203), which acts as a defective substrate for NS5B (non-structural protein 5B) [Synthesis]. NS5B, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the transcription of Hepatitis C viral RNA and for its high replicative rate and genetic diversity [4]. Sofosbuvir and other direct acting antivirals are therefore very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [5]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Sofosbuvir as first line therapy in combination with other antivirals for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [14]. Depending on the genotype, sofosbuvir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Ledipasvir, Velpatasvir, Daclatasvir, Simeprevir, Elbasvir, Grazoprevir, Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, or Peginterferon alfa-2b with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as sofosbuvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [11]. Since 2014, sofosbuvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Ledipasvir (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [3]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [7].Sofosbuvir is also available as a fixed dose combination product with Velpatasvir as the commercially available product Epclusa. First approved in June 2016, Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. Epclusa is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis [14]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [14, 6].Notably, sofosbuvir has come under intense scrutiny since its release to market in 2013. With the price per pill set at $1000, a 12-week treatment can cost upwards of $84,000 per patient [12].
4. Indication:  Sofosbuvir is used in combination therapy with other antiviral medications to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infected patients with HCV genoptypes 1-6, and to treat HCV and HIV co-infected patients. Depending on the level of cirrhosis or decompensation, combination therapy can also include either ribavirin alone or ribavirin and peg-interferon alfa.When used in combination with Ledipasvir as the combination product Harvoni, sofosbuvir has the following indications: treatment of genotypes 1, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis; in combination with Ribavirin for genotype 1 infection with decompensated cirrhosis; or in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of genotype 1 or 4 infection who are liver transplant recipients without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used in combination with Velpatasvir as the combination product Epclusa, sofosbuvir is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, or in combination with Ribavirin if associated with decompensated cirrhosis.Resistance: Reduced susceptibility to sofosbuvir has been associated with the NS5B substitution mutation S282T [10].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cortisone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein transcortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid-binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  EW-A-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ribavirin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [10]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [5]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [5]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [7]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [6]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving Daclatasvir and Sofosbuvir, Eplusa (Sofosbuvir, Velpatasvir), Harvoni (Sofosbuvir, Ledipasvir), Simeprevir and Sofosbuvir, Viekira Pak (Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, Dasabuvir), Technivie (Ritonavir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir) and Zepatier (Elbasvir, Grazoprevir). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [10]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in combination with other antiviral agents with the intent to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Typically added to improve SVR and reduce relapse rates [6].The addition of ribavirin in Technivie therapy indicated for treating HCV genotype 1a and 4 infections is recommended in patients with or without cirrhosis. Resistance: viral genetic determinants resulting in variable response to ribavirin therapy has not been yet determined. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  RDEA806
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RDEA806 is a new HIV non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) with a high genetic barrier to resistance and a broad spectrum of activity.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with appropriate antiretroviral agents when therapy is warranted.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  L-Leucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to assist in the prevention of the breakdown of muscle proteins that sometimes occur after trauma or severe stress.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  L-Isoleucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain aliphatic amino acid found in many proteins. It is an isomer of leucine. It is important in hemoglobin synthesis and regulation of blood sugar and energy levels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The branched-chain amino acids may have antihepatic encephalopathy activity in some. They may also have anticatabolic and antitardive dyskinesia activity.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
