DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  VIR201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  is an experimental therapeutic vaccine currently in clinical trial. The aim of therapeutic vaccines is to augment the body's immune response to HIV and to delay or prevent progression to AIDS.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Eftrenonacog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [1]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [2]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [2]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all age with haemophilia B (congenital factor IX deficiency).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Coagulation factor X human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor X (Human), is a plasma-derived human blood coagulation factor is used by adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency. However its use is limited in the perioperative setting for the management of bleeding in major surgery in patients with moderate and severe hereditary Factor X deficiency. Coagulation Factor X is a vitamin K-dependent, liver-produced serine protease that serves as the first enzyme in the coagulation cascade to form fibrin. It is a two-chain glycoprotein with the molecular weight of approximately 59 kDa [2]. While Factor X normally circulates in the plasma as inactive molecules, the activation of Factor X is involved in both the intrinsic and extrinsic coagulation pathways. Inherited factor X deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive bleeding disorder that is estimated to occur in 1:1 000 000 individuals up to 1:500 carriers [1]. Administration of coagulation Factor X from healthy donor serves to restore and achieve effective hemostasis. Coagulation Factor X (Human) solution is approved by the FDA for intravenous injection under the market name Coagadex which contains normally 100 IU/mL of coagulation Factor X derived from healthy donors who have passed viral screening tests [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes, or for perioperative management of bleeding in patients with mild hereditary Factor X deficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Immune Globulin Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.
4. Indication:  IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. These indications includes idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Kawasaki disease, hypogammaglobulinemia, B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, bone marrow transplant complications, Guillain-Barré syndrome, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, myesthenia gravis, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and inflammatory skin diseases.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Carbopol 974P
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbopol 974P is a highly carboxylated polymer composed of lightly cross-linked polyacrylic acid with a broad-spectrum mechanism based on acidification of pathogens. It was under development by ReProtect LLC. It is a gel that may help both block the spread of sexually transmitted diseases and reduce unwanted pregnancies. The compound, known as BufferGel, was in advanced clinical trials for its ability to prevent pregnancy, but was discontinued.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception and HIV prevention.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Rilonacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old. 
4. Indication:  Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Azathioprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An immunosuppressive antimetabolite pro-drug. It is an imidazolyl derivative of 6-mercaptopurine and many of its biological effects are similar to those of the parent compound. Azathioprine is converted into 6-mercaptopurine in the body where it blocks purine metabolism and DNA synthesis.
4. Indication:  For use in rheumatoid arthritis, preventing renal transplant rejection, Crohn's disease, and colitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Paritaprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paritaprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as paritaprevir. As a newer generation and directly acting HCV antiviral, paritaprevir products have better Sustained Virological Response (SVR) rates, higher barriers to resistance, fewer side effects, and a reduced pill burden compared to older agents such as Boceprevir, Telaprevir, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, and Ribavirin. By combining multiple antiretroviral medications into fixed dose products, the viral lifecycle can be targeted at multiple stages while simultaneously reducing the risk of developing resistant viral strains [7]. Within Canada and the United States, paritaprevir is currently available in three fixed dose products: Viekira Pak (FDA), Technivie (FDA and Health Canada), and Holkira Pak (Health Canada).More specifically, paritaprevir prevents viral replication by inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [6]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, paritaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Paritaprevir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4[8]. Depending on the genotype, Paritaprevir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin, with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as paritaprevir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [5]. Paritaprevir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie, paritaprevir is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cimicoxib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cimicoxib is a selective COX-2 inhibitor being developed by Affectis as a treatment for depression and schizophrenia. If approved, Cimicoxib would be the first drug in decades to treat depression by a new mechanism of action.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in depression.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Obeticholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Obeticholic acid is a farnesoid-X receptor (FXR) agonist and is used to treat a number of liver diseases. [1] Obeticholic acid has been granted accelerated approval to treat primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid. [1] Approval is limited to monotherapy in patient's who are intolerant to ursodeoxycholic acid, or in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid in adults who have not responded adequately to ursodeoxyholic acid alone. [1]Obeticholic acid given orally, binds to the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), a receptor found in the nucleus of cells in the liver and intestine. FXR is a key regulator of bile acid metabolic pathways. Obeticholic acid increases bile flow from the liver and suppresses bile acid production in the liver, thus reducing the exposure of the liver to toxic levels of bile acids.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.Obeticholic acid was approved as an orphan drug based on its reduction in the level of the biomarker alkaline phosphatase as a surrogate endpoint for clinical benefit. It is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA. Additional studies are being required to prove its clinical benefit.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  FavId
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FavId, is an active immunotherapy that is based upon unique genetic information extracted from a patient's tumor.
4. Indication:  B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Fiboflapon
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  EW-A-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sofosbuvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sofosbuvir (tradename Sovaldi) is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [14]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as sofosbuvir. As a prodrug nucleotide analog, Sofosbuvir is metabolized into its active form as the antiviral agent 2'-deoxy-2'-α-fluoro-β-C-methyluridine-5'-triphosphate (also known as GS-461203), which acts as a defective substrate for NS5B (non-structural protein 5B) [Synthesis]. NS5B, an RNA-dependent RNA polymerase, is essential for the transcription of Hepatitis C viral RNA and for its high replicative rate and genetic diversity [4]. Sofosbuvir and other direct acting antivirals are therefore very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [5]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Sofosbuvir as first line therapy in combination with other antivirals for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [14]. Depending on the genotype, sofosbuvir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Ledipasvir, Velpatasvir, Daclatasvir, Simeprevir, Elbasvir, Grazoprevir, Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, or Peginterferon alfa-2b with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as sofosbuvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [11]. Since 2014, sofosbuvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Ledipasvir (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [3]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [7].Sofosbuvir is also available as a fixed dose combination product with Velpatasvir as the commercially available product Epclusa. First approved in June 2016, Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. Epclusa is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis [14]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [14, 6].Notably, sofosbuvir has come under intense scrutiny since its release to market in 2013. With the price per pill set at $1000, a 12-week treatment can cost upwards of $84,000 per patient [12].
4. Indication:  Sofosbuvir is used in combination therapy with other antiviral medications to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infected patients with HCV genoptypes 1-6, and to treat HCV and HIV co-infected patients. Depending on the level of cirrhosis or decompensation, combination therapy can also include either ribavirin alone or ribavirin and peg-interferon alfa.When used in combination with Ledipasvir as the combination product Harvoni, sofosbuvir has the following indications: treatment of genotypes 1, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis; in combination with Ribavirin for genotype 1 infection with decompensated cirrhosis; or in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of genotype 1 or 4 infection who are liver transplant recipients without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used in combination with Velpatasvir as the combination product Epclusa, sofosbuvir is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, or in combination with Ribavirin if associated with decompensated cirrhosis.Resistance: Reduced susceptibility to sofosbuvir has been associated with the NS5B substitution mutation S282T [10].
