DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gestodene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gestodene is a progestogen hormonal contraceptive. Products containing gestoden include Meliane, which contains 20 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene; and Gynera, which contains 30 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Etonogestrel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Etonogestrel is a molecule used in hormonal contraceptives, most notably the subdermal implant Implanon.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive (depot).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Gestrinone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gestrinone, also known as ethylnorgestrienone, is a synthetic steroid of the 19-nortestosterone group that is marketed in Europe, Australia, and Latin America, though not the United States or Canada, and is used primarily in the treatment of endometriosis.Gestrinone was developed in the early 1970s and was tested clinically as a weekly oral contraceptive in Europe and North America. Without significant advantages over other oral contraceptives and with its high cost, gestrinone was no longer used after the Stage II clinical trials. However, from 1982 this drug attracted increased interest due to significant therapeutic effects in the treatment endometriosis. Under different endocrine conditions, gestrinone possesses estrogenic, progestational, androgenic, antiestrogenic and antiprogesterone actions [7].
4. Indication:  Endometriosis with or without accompanying sterility. Treatment is limited to a single course of 6 months duration per lifetime [10, 11].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lynestrenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lynestrenol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Transsexualism and Gender Dysphoria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  LGD2941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LGD2941 is a non-steroidal, selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed jointly by Ligand and TAP.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nonoxynol-9
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nonoxynol-9 (N-9) is a typical surfactant used as a vaginal spermicide. Spermicides are locally acting non-hormonal contraceptives. When present in the vagina during intercourse, they immobilize/inactivate/damage and/or kill sperms without eliciting systemic effects. N-9 has been in use for more than 30 years as an over-the-counter (OTC) drug in creams, gels, foams and condom lubricants. It is the most commonly used spermicidal contraceptive in the UK and the USA. In several European countries, spermicides are no longer on the market.
4. Indication:  Nonoxynol 9 is a surfactant spermicide used for contraception in spermicidal creams, jellies, foams, gel, and lubricants. It is also used in conjuction with other methods of contraception, including condoms, cervical caps and diaphragms.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Norgestrel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Norgestrel is synthetic steroidal progestin that is used in combination with ethinyl estradiol for oral contraception. Norgestrel is composed of a racemic mixture of two stereoisomers, dextronorgestrel and levonorgestrel. However, only the levorotary enantiomer (levonorgestrel) is biologically active.
4. Indication:  Norgestrel in combination with ethinyl estradiol is indicated for the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect to use this product as a method of contraception.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Urofollitropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
4. Indication:  For treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diethylstilbestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethylstilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Previously used in the prevention of miscarriage or premature delivery in pregnant women prone to miscarriage or premature delivery.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethynodiol diacetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone used alone or in combination with estrogens as an oral contraceptive. Although etynodiol or ethynodiol are sometimes used as a synonym for ethynodiol diacetate, what is usually being referred to is actually ethynodiol diacetate and not ethynodiol (which is a separate drug that has never been marketed, see Ethynodiol).
4. Indication:  For the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect to use this product as a method of contraception.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Desogestrel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone used often as the progestogenic component of combined oral contraceptive agents. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of pregnancy in women who elect to use this product as a method of contraception.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Norgestimate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Norgestimate is a form of progesterone, which is a female hormone important for the regulation of ovulation and menstruation. Norgestimate is used with estradiol to treat the symptoms of menopause.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of pregnancy
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Allylestrenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with progestational activity. It is widely marketed throughout Europe, including Russia and many other European countries, and is also available in Japan, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and much of Southeast Asia, though notably not in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Allylestrenol was designed to be used for miscarriage prevention, prevention of premature labour and has been investigated for possible use in men for treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  HSV-2 theracine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HSV-2 theracine is an attenuated recombinant vaccine developed by AuRx for the treatment of genital herpes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Norelgestromin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Norelgestromin is a drug used in contraception. Norelgestromin is the active progestin responsible for the progestational activity that occurs in women after application of ORTHO EVRA patch.
4. Indication:  Norelgestromin is used for contraception and menopausal hormonal therapy. Norelgestromin may potentially be used in breast cancer treatment due to its inhibitory effect on estrone sulfatase . They convert sulfated steroid precursors to estrogen during pregnancy. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Chlorotrianisene
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A powerful synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat symptoms of menopause, deficiencies in ovary function (including underdevelopment of female sexual characteristics and some types of infertility), and in rare cases, prostate cancer. Chlorotrianisene may also be used to prevent breast engorgement following childbirth.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Progesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The major progestational steroid that is secreted primarily by the corpus luteum and the placenta. Progesterone acts on the uterus, the mammary glands, and the brain. It is required in embryo implantation, pregnancy maintenance, and the development of mammary tissue for milk production. Progesterone, converted from pregnenolone, also serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of gonadal steroid hormones and adrenal corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.
