DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CTA018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTA018 is a member of a new class of vitamin D analogues with a dual mechanism of action, called Vitamin D Signal Amplifiers. This proprietary new drug is both a potent inhibitor of CYP24 (the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of vitamin D) and a potent activator of vitamin D signaling pathways. CTA018 will be the first drug with this novel dual mechanism of action to enter clinical development. Preclinical studies have shown that CTA018 inhibits the proliferation of rapidly dividing cells such as human epidermal keratinocytes (skin cells) and is also effective in inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion which may be involved in the etiology of psoriasis. Cytochroma anticipates that CTA018 will be more potent than currently marketed vitamin D analogues such as calcitriol and calcipotriol and it is expected to have a greater safety index.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  ISS-1018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ISS 1018 is a short, synthetic, unmethylated CpG oligodeoxynucleotide (CpG ODN) with immunostimulatory activity. ISS 1018 signals through Toll-like receptor 9 (TLR9) to induce the production of immunoglobulin by B cells and interferon (IFN) -alpha, IFN-beta, interleukin-12 (IL-12), and tumor necrosis factor - alpha (TNF-alpha) by plasmacytoid dendritic cells (pDC). ISS 1018 CpG ODN promotes antigen presentation and co-stimulatory molecule expression. ISS 1018 is currently being investigated in combination with HBsAg vaccine as a prophylactic treatment for to prevent Hepatitis B in adults. It is also being investigated in combination with rituximab for treatment of b-cell or non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, hepatitis (viral, B), and lymphoma (non-hodgkin's).ISS 1018 is currently being investigated in combination with HBsAg vaccine as a prophylactic treatment for to prevent Hepatitis B in adults. It has also been investigated in combination with rituximab for treatment of b-cell or non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trospium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trospium is a urinary antispasmodic. It is sold under the brand name Sanctura in the US, and as Trosec in Canada. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency, detrusor instability and frequency of micturition.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Elvitegravir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elvitegravir is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) integrase strand transfer inhibitor (INSTI) used for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults. Because integrase is necessary for viral replication, inhibition prevents the integration of HIV-1 DNA into the host genome and thereby blocks the formation of the HIV-1 provirus and resulting propagation of the viral infection. Although available as a single dose tablet, elvitegravir must be used in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and another antiretroviral drug.It was developed by the pharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, which licensed EVG from Japan Tobacco in March 2008. The drug gained approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 27, 2012 for use in adult patients starting HIV treatment for the first time as part of the fixed dose combination known as Stribild. On September 24, 2014 the FDA approved Elvitegravir (tradename Vitekta) as a single pill formulation.
4. Indication:  Elvitegravir in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and with other antiretroviral drug(s) is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Docetaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel binds to microtubules reversibly with high affinity and has a maximum stoichiometry of one mole docetaxel per mole tubulin in microtubules.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Also used as a single agent in the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior platinum-based chemotherapy. It is also used in combination with prednisone, in the treatment of patients with androgen independent (hormone refractory) metastatic prostate cancer. Furthermore, docetaxel has uses in the treatment of gastric adenocarinoma and head and neck cancer. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Paclitaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel.When it was developed commercially by Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), the generic name was changed to paclitaxel and the BMS compound is sold under the trademark Taxol. In this formulation, paclitaxel is dissolved in Kolliphor EL and ethanol, as a delivery agent. A newer formulation, in which paclitaxel is bound to albumin, is sold under the trademark Abraxane. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma and cancer of the lung, ovarian, and breast. Abraxane® is specfically indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Glecaprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glecaprevir is a direct acting antiviral agent and Hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3/4A protease inhibitor that targets the the viral RNA replication. In combination with Pibrentasvir, glecaprevir is a useful therapy for patients who experienced therapeutic failure from other NS3/4A protease inhibitors. It demonstrates a high genetic barrier against resistance mutations of the virus. In cell cultures, the emergence of amino acid substitutions at NS3 resistance-associated positions A156 or D/Q168 in HCV genotype 1a, 2a or 3a replicons led to reduced susceptibility to glecaprevir [FDA Label]. The combinations of amino acid substitutions at NS3 position Y65H and D/Q168 also results in greater reductions in glecaprevir susceptibility, and NS3 Q80R in genotype 3a patients also leads to glecaprevir resistance [FDA Label]. Glecaprevir is available as an oral combination therapy with Pibrentasvir under the brand name Mavyret. This fixed-dose combination therapy was FDA-approved in August 2017 to treat adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotypes 1-6 without cirrhosis (liver disease) or with mild cirrhosis, including patients with moderate to severe kidney disease and those who are on dialysis [2]. Mavyret is also indicated for HCV genotype 1-infected patients who have been previously treated with regimens either containing an NS5A inhibitor or an NS3/4A protease inhibitor, but not both [2]. Hepatitis C viral infection often leads to decreased liver function and subsequent liver failure, causing a significantly negative impact on the patients' quality of life. The ultimate goal of the combination treatment is to achieve sustained virologic response (SVR) and cure the patients from the infection. In clinical trials, this combination therapy achieved SVR12 rate, or undetectable Hepatitis C for twelve or more weeks after the end of treatment, of ≥93% across genotypes 1a, 2a, 3a, 4, 5 and 6 [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis (Child-PughA). MAVYRET is also indicated for the treatment of adult patients with HCV genotype 1 infection, who previously have been treated with a regimen containing an HCV NS5A inhibitoror an NS3/4A protease inhibitor (PI), but not both [FDA Label]. 
