DrugId:  1
1. Name:  BLXA4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BLXA4 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gingival Inflammation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vicriviroc
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vicriviroc, previously named SCH 417690 and SCH-D, is a pyrimidine currently undergoing clinical trials as a CCR5 entry inhibitor of HIV-1. It was developed by the pharmaceutical company Schering-Plough.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and viral infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  CTA018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTA018 is a member of a new class of vitamin D analogues with a dual mechanism of action, called Vitamin D Signal Amplifiers. This proprietary new drug is both a potent inhibitor of CYP24 (the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of vitamin D) and a potent activator of vitamin D signaling pathways. CTA018 will be the first drug with this novel dual mechanism of action to enter clinical development. Preclinical studies have shown that CTA018 inhibits the proliferation of rapidly dividing cells such as human epidermal keratinocytes (skin cells) and is also effective in inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion which may be involved in the etiology of psoriasis. Cytochroma anticipates that CTA018 will be more potent than currently marketed vitamin D analogues such as calcitriol and calcipotriol and it is expected to have a greater safety index.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pleconaril
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pleconaril is an antiviral drug being developed by Schering-Plough for prevention of asthma exacerbations and common cold symptoms in asthmatic subjects exposed to picornavirus respiratory infections. Although the formulation used by Schering-Plough is a nasal spray, pleconaril is orally bioavailable, and is active against viruses in the Picornaviridae family, including Enterovirus and Rhinovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in upper respiratory infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nintedanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nintedanib is a drug indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) that targets multiple receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) and non-receptor tyrosine kinases (nRTKs). Nintedanib inhibits the following RTKs: platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR) α and β, fibroblast growth factor receptor (FGFR) 1-3, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR) 1-3, and Fms-like tyrosine kinase-3 (FLT3). Among them, FGFR, PDGFR, and VEGFR have been implicated in IPF pathogenesis. Nintedanib binds competitively to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding pocket of these receptors and blocks the intracellular signaling which is crucial for the proliferation, migration, and transformation of fibroblasts representing essential mechanisms of the IPF pathology. In addition, nintedanib inhibits the following nRTKs: Lck, Lyn and Src kinases. The contribution of FLT3 and nRTK inhibition to IPF efficacy is unknown.Idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF) is a progressive and ultimately fatal lung disease characterized by a progressive loss of lung function with worsening dyspnoea and cough. Development is thought to be instigated by repetitive lung injury (such as by cigarette smoke, industrial dusts, gastrooesophageal reflux and viral infection) leading to destruction of epithelial alveolar cells. Subsequent dysregulation of the repair process results in the proliferation/migration of fibroblasts and their differentiation into myofibroblasts, abnormal extracellular matrix deposition and excessive collagen accumulation in the lung interstitium and alveolar space, leading to progressive fibrosis and stiffening of the lungs. Vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), fibroblast growth factor (FGF) and platelet-derived growth factor (PDGF) mediate various processes, including fibrogenesis and angiogenesis, and are implicated in the pathogenesis of IPF. By blocking substrate binding and downstream signalling cascades, nintedanib interferes with processes active in fibrosis such as fibroblast proliferation, migration and differentiation, and the secretion of extracellular matrix.
4. Indication:  Nintedanib is indicated for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Viloxazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Viloxazine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) that was used in some European countries as an antidepressant drug. It structurally differs from conventional tri- or tetra-cyclic antidepressants and it does not produce sedative anticholinergic or adrenergic effects in man [1]. While displaying amphetamine-like CNS stimulant effects, there is little evidence of drug dependence from viloxazine therapy. Viloxazine hydrochloride is a common active ingredient in drug formulation. It was discovered and brought to market in 1976 by Imperial Chemical Industries and in early 2000's, it was withdrawn from the market.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of clinical depression.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Isavuconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isavuconazole is an triazole antifungal with broad spectrum of activity and good safety profile [1]. It is approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis. It works by inhibiting fungal cell membrane synthesis. Invasive fungal infections pose significant clinical challenges for patients, especially those who are immunocompromised. In vitro, most of the Candida species, most Aspergillus species, Mucorales, Cryptococcus spp., Fusarium species, dermatophytes and dimorphic fungi displayed susceptibility to isavuconzaole [3]. Resistance to isavuconazole has been associated with the mutation in the target gene CYP51 [FDA Label]. Cross-resistance between isavuconazole and other azoles was also proposed although the clinical relevance is unclear [FDA Label]. Its prodrug, Isavuconazonium, is commonly used as an active ingredient in commercially available formulations due to low water solubility of isavuconazole. The prodrug formulation of isavuconazole is FDA- and EMA-approved and is marketed under the trade name Cresemba for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis as oral or intravenous administration. The intravenous formulation is cyclodextrin-free which gives isavuconazole an advantage over other azole antifungals that requires cyclodextrin for facilitating drug solubility; this is because cyclodextrin has a potential for nephrotoxicity [3]. It is proposed that the intravenous and oral dosing can be used interchangeably [4], without the need for a repeat loading dose when transitioning from an IV to an oral formulation [1]. Isavuconazonium displays excellent water solubility for intravenous formulations, good absorption, and enhanced oral bioavailability [1]. Following administration, isavuconazonium undergoes biotransformation to form the active moiety, isavuconazole, for the antifungal actions.
4. Indication:  Indicated for patients 18 years of age and older for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis [FDA Label].Indicated for patients 18 years of age and older for the treatment of invasive mucormycosis [FDA Label], including patients where treatment amphotericin B is inappropriate [4].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Acenocoumarol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acenocoumarol is a coumarin derivative used as an anticoagulant. Coumarin derivatives inhibit the reduction of vitamin K by vitamin K reductase. This prevents carboxylation of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors, II, VII, XI and X, and interferes with coagulation. Hematocrit, hemoglobin, international normalized ratio and liver panel should be monitored. Patients on acenocoumarol are prohibited from giving blood. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of thromboembolic diseases. More specifically, it is indicated for the for the prevention of cerebral embolism, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, thromboembolism in infarction and transient ischemic attacks. It is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Plerixafor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Plerixafor is a hematopoietic stem cell mobilizer. It is used to stimulate the release of stem cells from the bone marrow into the blood in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma for the purpose of stimulating the immune system. These stem cells are then collected and used in autologous stem cell transplantation to replace blood-forming cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy. Plerixafor has orphan drug status in the United States and European Union; it was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on December 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF, filgrastim) to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells to the peripheral blood for collection and subsequent autologous transplantation in patients with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) and multiple myeloma (MM).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Naphazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naphazoline is a rapid acting sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of occular artierioles. It acts to decrease congestion of the conjunctiva and is found in many over-the-counter eye drops.
4. Indication:  Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Rilpivirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rilpivirine is non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) which is used for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in treatment-naive patients.[5] It is a diarylpyrimidine derivative, a class of molecules that resemble pyrimidine nucleotides found in DNA.[6] The internal conformational flexibility of rilpivirine and the plasticity of it interacting binding site gives it a very high potency and an unlikely generation of resistance compared to other NNRTI's.[7] Rilpivirine was developed by Tilbotec, Inc. and FDA approved on May 20, 2011.[10] On November 21, 2017, Rilpivirine, in combination with dolutegravir, was approved as part of the first complete treatment regimen with only two drugs for the treatment of adults with HIV-1 named Juluca.[11]
4. Indication:  Rilpivirine, in combination with other agents, is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infections in antiretroviral treatment-naive patients with HIV-1 RNA ≤100,000 copies/mL and CD4+ cell count >200 cells/mm3.[10] The FDA combination therapy approval of rilpivirine and dolutegravir is indicated for adults with HIV-1 infections whose virus is currently suppressed (< 50 copies/ml) on a stable regimen for at least six months, without history of treatment failure and no known substitutions associated to resistance to any of the two components of the therapy.[11]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bacitracin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Bacitracin is a mixture of related cyclic polypeptides produced by organisms of the licheniformis group of Bacillus subtilis var Tracy. Its unique name derives from the fact that the bacillus producing it was first isolated in 1943 from a knee scrape from a girl named Margaret Tracy. As a toxic and difficult-to-use antibiotic, bacitracin doesn't work well orally. However, it is very effective topically.Bacitracin is synthesised via the so-called nonribosomal peptide synthetases (NRPSs), which means that ribosomes are not involved in its synthesis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infants with pneumonia and empyema caused by staphylococci shown to be susceptible to the drug. Also used in ointment form for topical treatment of a variety of localized skin and eye infections, as well as for the prevention of wound infections. Used against gram positive bacteria. Bacitracin is also used as an inhibitor of proteases and other enzymes.However, specific activity of bactracin's inhibition of protein disulfide isomerase has been called into question. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Neomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). Neomycin is a bactericidal aminoglycoside antibiotic that binds to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and acceptor tRNA sites and results in the production of non-functional or toxic peptides.
4. Indication:  Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC). 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Isopropyl Alcohol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An isomer of 1-propanol. It is a colorless liquid having disinfectant properties. It is used in the manufacture of acetone and its derivatives and as a solvent. Topically, it is used as an antiseptic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Benzalkonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzalkonium is a quaternary ammonium compound used as a biocide, a cationic surfactant, and as a phase transfer agent [FDA Label]. Benzalkonium is more commonly contained in consumer products in its salt form, benzalkonium chloride [FDA Label]. This salt is used in a great variety of international pharmaceutical products such as eye, ear, and nasal drops or sprays as an excipient ingredient serving as an antimicrobial preservative [FDA Label]. When used as an ingredient in antiseptic and disinfectant products however, it is an active antimicrobial agent [2].
4. Indication:  When used as an active ingredient in products like antibacterial, antiseptic, or disinfectant soaps, topical sanitizers, or cleaning agents, benzalkonium is primarily implemented in its salt form, benzalkonium chloride, where it may often be the only active ingredient present and indicated for the primary purpose of topical washing to decrease bacteria on skin [2].Conversely, when implemented as an excipient ingredient in a variety of multidose aqueous nose, eye, or ear products, benzalkonium chloride is being used as the antimicrobial preservative of choice to facilitate effective bactericidal and fungicidal actions to help minimize the growth of unwanted organisms in the multidose containers [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Polymyxin B Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Polymyxin B sulfate is a mixture of polymyxins B1 and B2, obtained from Bacillus polymyxa strains. They are basic polypeptides of about eight amino acids and have cationic detergent action on cell membranes. Polymyxin B is used for infections with gram-negative organisms, but may be neurotoxic and nephrotoxic. All gram-positive bacteria, fungi, and the gram-negative cocci, N. gonorrhea and N. menigitidis, are resistant. It is appropriate for treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections of the urinary tract, meninges, and blood stream, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
