DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bamosiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Diclofenamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of: chronic simple (open-angle) glaucoma, secondary glaucoma, and preoperatively in acute angle-closure glaucoma where delay of surgery is desired in order to lower intraocular pressure
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lerdelimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and cataracts.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methazolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma and acute angle-closure glaucoma
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Isoflurophate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor with actions similar to those of echothiophate. It is a powerful miotic used mainly in the treatment of glaucoma. Its vapor is highly toxic and it is recommended that only solutions in arachis oil be used therapeutically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p1330)
4. Indication:  For use in the eye to treat certain types of glaucoma and other eye conditions, such as accommodative esotropia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Befunolol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Befunolol is a beta blocker introduced in 1983 by Kakenyaku Kakko. It is currently in experimental status, and is being tested for the management of open angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of open angle glaucoma. PMID: 12480285. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sepetaprost
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sepetaprost has been used in trials studying the treatment of Open Angle-glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Mild Open Angle-glaucoma (OAG).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Echothiophate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of subacute or chronic angle-closure glaucoma after iridectomy or where surgery is refused or contraindicated.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Levobunolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist used in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For lowering intraocular pressure (IOP) and may be used in patients with chronic open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ethoxzolamide
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used as diuretic and in glaucoma. It may cause hypokalemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of duodenal ulcers, as a diuretic, and in the treatment of glaucoma, and may also be useful in the treatment of seizures associated with epilepsy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Apraclonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.
4. Indication:  For prevention or reduction of intraoperative and postoperative increases in intraocular pressure (IOP) before and after ocular laser surgery when used prophylactically. Also used as a short-term adjunctive therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma who are on maximally tolerated medical therapy requiring additional IOP reduction.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Levobetaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levobetaxolol is a drug used to lower the pressure in the eye in treating conditions such as glaucoma. It was marketed as a 0.5% ophthalmic solution of levobetaxolol hydrochloride under the trade name Betaxon but has been discontinued. Levobetaxolol is a beta-adrenergic receptor inhibitor (beta blocker).
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Carteolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intraocular hypertension and chronic open-angle glaucoma
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Metipranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist effective for both beta-1 and beta-2 receptors. It is used as an antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive, and antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dipivefrin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dipivefrin is a prodrug of adrenaline, which is used to treat glaucoma. It is available as ophthalmic solution (eye drops).
4. Indication:  Dipivefrin is a prodrug which is used as initial therapy for the control of intraocular pressure in chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Demecarium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Anecortave
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anecortave is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00691717 (Anecortave Acetate Safety in Patients With Open-Angle Glaucoma or Ocular Hypertension).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Latanoprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.It is also known by the brand name of Xalatan manufactured by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Brinzolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brinzolamide is a highly specific, non-competitive, reversible carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase (CA) is an enzyme found in many tissues of the body including the eye. It catalyzes the reversible reaction involving the hydration of carbon dioxide and the dehydration of carbonic acid. In humans, carbonic anhydrase exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active being carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. The result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Physostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of glaucoma, and in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.
