DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bamosiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  MBT-0312
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MediGene's newly acquired drug candidates MBT-0312 aim at a novel method of cancer therapy by "starving out" tumors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ATG003
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG003, a novel anti-angiogenic drug candidate and a formulation of mecamylamine, is currently in clinical development for neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Diclofenamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of: chronic simple (open-angle) glaucoma, secondary glaucoma, and preoperatively in acute angle-closure glaucoma where delay of surgery is desired in order to lower intraocular pressure
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lemuteporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostrate disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lerdelimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and cataracts.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pegaptanib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegaptanib is a polynucleotide aptamer. Pegaptanib specifically binds to VEGF 165, a protein that plays a critical role in angiogenesis (the formation of new blood vessels) and increased permeability (leakage from blood vessels), two of the primary pathological processes responsible for the vision loss associated with neovascular AMD. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related macular degeneration.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  SF1126
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SF1126 is an integrin-targeted PI3 kinase inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Methazolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that is used as a diuretic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma and acute angle-closure glaucoma
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Isoflurophate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor with actions similar to those of echothiophate. It is a powerful miotic used mainly in the treatment of glaucoma. Its vapor is highly toxic and it is recommended that only solutions in arachis oil be used therapeutically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p1330)
4. Indication:  For use in the eye to treat certain types of glaucoma and other eye conditions, such as accommodative esotropia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Befunolol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Befunolol is a beta blocker introduced in 1983 by Kakenyaku Kakko. It is currently in experimental status, and is being tested for the management of open angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of open angle glaucoma. PMID: 12480285. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Sepetaprost
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sepetaprost has been used in trials studying the treatment of Open Angle-glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Mild Open Angle-glaucoma (OAG).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Echothiophate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of subacute or chronic angle-closure glaucoma after iridectomy or where surgery is refused or contraindicated.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Levobunolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist used in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For lowering intraocular pressure (IOP) and may be used in patients with chronic open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ethoxzolamide
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A carbonic anhydrase inhibitor used as diuretic and in glaucoma. It may cause hypokalemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of duodenal ulcers, as a diuretic, and in the treatment of glaucoma, and may also be useful in the treatment of seizures associated with epilepsy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Apraclonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.
4. Indication:  For prevention or reduction of intraoperative and postoperative increases in intraocular pressure (IOP) before and after ocular laser surgery when used prophylactically. Also used as a short-term adjunctive therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma who are on maximally tolerated medical therapy requiring additional IOP reduction.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Levobetaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levobetaxolol is a drug used to lower the pressure in the eye in treating conditions such as glaucoma. It was marketed as a 0.5% ophthalmic solution of levobetaxolol hydrochloride under the trade name Betaxon but has been discontinued. Levobetaxolol is a beta-adrenergic receptor inhibitor (beta blocker).
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Carteolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intraocular hypertension and chronic open-angle glaucoma
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Metipranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist effective for both beta-1 and beta-2 receptors. It is used as an antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive, and antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open angle glaucoma.
