DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Blisibimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Blisibimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of IgA Nephropathy, Microscopic Polyangiitis, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, and Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  CR002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CR002 is a novel investigational fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the activity of excess platelet-derived growth factor-D (PDGF-D), a target shown to play a role in kidney inflammation. This is a novel therapeutic approach to treat kidney inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in nephropathy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Acteoside
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Acteoside is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02662283 (Validity and Security of Reh-acteoside Therapy for Patients of IgA Nephropathy).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Danazol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of endometriosis and fibrocystic breast disease (in patients unresponsive to simple measures). Also used for the prophylactic treatment of all types of hereditary angioedema in males and females.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Belatacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Belatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. It is approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Belatacept selectively blocks the process of T-cell activation. It was developed by Bristol-Myers-Squibb. It differs from abatacept (Orencia) by only 2 amino acids. FDA approved on June 15, 2011.
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of organ rejection. It is also used concomitantly with basiliximumab for induction therapy, mycophenolate, and corticosteriods in kidney transplant recepients that are seropositive for the Epstein-Barr virus. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  L-Glutamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A non-essential amino acid present abundantly throughout the body and is involved in many metabolic processes. It is synthesized from glutamic acid and ammonia. It is the principal carrier of nitrogen in the body and is an important energy source for many cells. An oral formulation of L-glutamine was approved by the FDA in July 2017 for use in sickle cell disease [5]. This oral formulation is marketed under the tradename Endari by Emmaus Medical.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.Used to reduce the acute complications of sickle cell disease in adult and pediatric patients 5 years of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rotavirus Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotavirus commonly infects children and infants causing severe diarrhea and vomiting leading to potentially fatal dehydration [2]. Two rotavirus vaccines are available for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis, Rotateq and Rotarix. Rotateq is a live vaccine consisting of 5 reassorted human-bovine viral strains [1]. Rotarix is a live attenuated vaccine containing the 89-12 human strain [FDA Label]. Rotavirus vaccines are 90% effective in protecting against severe rotavirus infection [2].
4. Indication:  Rotarix is indicated for prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-24 weeks [FDA Label].Rotateq is indicated for the prevention of rotavirus gastroenteritis caused by G1, G2, G3, G4, and G9 types in infants aged 6-32 weeks [1].
