DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fresolimumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fresolimumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Brain Tumors, Metastatic Breast Cancer, Diffuse Systemic Sclerosis, Pleural Malignant Mesothelioma, and Primary Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Galactose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galactose has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Hepatic Cancer, Wilsons Disease, Diabetic Macular Oedema, and Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sparsentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sparsentan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis. Sparsentan is the first and only dual-acting angiotensin and endothelin receptor antagonist (DARA) in development.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Defactinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Defactinib has been investigated for the treatment of Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mimosine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  3-Hydroxy-4-oxo-1(4H)-pyridinealanine. An antineoplastic alanine-substituted pyridine derivative isolated from Leucena glauca. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Gallium citrate Ga 67
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]
4. Indication:  Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful to demonstrate the presence and extent of Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Positive gallium Ga-67 uptake in the absence of prior symptoms warrants follow-up as an indication of a potential disease state. Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful as an aid in detecting some acute inflammatory lesions.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Primidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antiepileptic agent related to the barbiturates; it is partly metabolized to phenobarbital in the body and owes some of its actions to this metabolite. Adverse effects are reported to be more frequent than with phenobarbital. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p309)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Mangafodipir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. It consists of two parts, the paramagnetic manganese (II) ions and the chelating agent fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an organ-specific paramagnetic contrast agent developed for imaging of the hepatobiliary system and detecting lesions in liver and pancreas.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Levetiracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levetiracetam is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. Levetiracetam may selectively prevent hypersynchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. Levetiracetam binds to the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A, which is thought to be involved in the regulation of vesicle exocytosis. Although the molecular significance of levetiracetam binding to synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is not understood, levetiracetam and related analogs showed a rank order of affinity for SV2A which correlated with the potency of their antiseizure activity in audiogenic seizure-prone mice.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults and children 4 years of age and older with epilepsy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Carbamazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used to control grand mal and psychomotor or focal seizures. Its mode of action is not fully understood, but some of its actions resemble those of phenytoin; although there is little chemical resemblance between the two compounds, their three-dimensional structure is similar. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy and pain associated with true trigeminal neuralgia. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gadobutrol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Intravenous gadobutrol is a second-generation extracellular non-ionic macrocyclic GBCA (gadolinium-based contrast agent) used in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults and children older than 2 years of age. It may help visualize and detect vascular abnormalities in the blood brain barrier (BBB) and central nervous system (CNS). In patients with impaired renal function, gadolinium based contrast agents increase the risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). A physician should be contacted if symptoms of NSF are encountered, such as dark or red patches on the skin; stiffness in joints; trouble moving, bending or straightening arms, hands, legs or feet; burning, itching, swelling, scaling, hardening and tightening of skin; pain in hip bones or ribs; or muscle weakness. Common adverse reactions that may be experienced include headache, nausea, feeling hot, abnormal taste, and warmth, burning or pain local to the injection site. General precautions should be taken in patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding, or who have a history of allergic reaction to contrast media, bronchial asthma or an allergic respiratory disorder.
4. Indication:  For diagnostic use only. Indicated for adults and children age 2 and over for contrast enhancement during cranial and spinal MRI, and for contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography (CE-MRA). Gadobutrol is particularly suited for the detection of very small lesions and for the visualization of tumors that do not readily take up contrast media. It may be a desired agent when the exclusion or demonstration of an additional pathology may influence the choice of therapy or patient management. It may also be suitable for perfusion studies in the diagnosis of stroke, detection of focal cerebral ischemia, and in studies of tumor perfusion. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Phenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. 
4. Indication:  Phenol is primarily indicated for minor sore throat pain, sore mouth, minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Additionally, phenol is indicated in the treatment of focal spasticity. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Apalutamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Apalutamide is a potent androgen receptor (AR) antagonist that selectively binds to the ligand-binding domain of AR and blocks AR nuclear translocation or binding to androgen response elements [1]. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Hepatic Impairment, Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer, and Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant, among others. Exerting an antitumor action, apalutamide blocking the effect of androgens that promote tumor growth. It targets the AR ligand-binding domain and prevents AR nuclear translocation, DNA binding, and transcription of AR gene targets in prostate tumors [1]. In mice bearing human CRPC xenograft models, apalutamide treatment produced tumor regressions in a dose-dependent manner that was more effective than that of Bicalutamide or Enzalutamide. Unlike bicalutamide, apalutamide antagonized AR-mediated signaling in AR overexpressing human CRPC cell lines [1].Androgen-deprivation therapy, or hormone therapy, can be used as part of maintenance therapy for patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer. Although most patients achieve therapeutic responses at the initial hormone therapy, many patients progress to non-metastatic castration-resistant (resistance to hormone therapy) prostate cancer which is the second-most common cause of cancer-related deaths in American males [2]. Castration-resistant prostate cancer is often incurable, which poses significant clinical challenges for patients. Approximately 10 to 20 % of prostate cancer cases are castration-resistant, and up to 16% of these patients show no evidence of cancer metastasis at the time of castration-resistant diagnosis [3]. Higher prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and shorter PSA doubling time (PSA DT) are associated with a higher risk for metastases and death [1]. In a phase-2 multicenter open-label study, 89% of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer had ≥50% PSA decline at week 12 of apalutamide treatment [1]. In a randomized trial, the median metastasis-free survival for patients taking apalutamide was 40.5 months compared to 16.2 months for patients taking a placebo [3]. Apalutamide displayed good tolerability and safety profile in clinical studies. Apalutamide was approved in February 2018 by the FDA as Erleada for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer that is resistant to treatment with hormone therapy (castration-resistant). It is available as oral tablets. Apalutamide is the first FDA-approved treatment for non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer (NM-CRPC) [FDA Label].
