DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
