DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A 177Lu-labeled somatostatin analog peptide, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate belongs to an emerging form of treatments called Peptide Receptor Radionuclide Therapy (PRRT), which involves targeting tumours with molecules carrying radioactive particles that bind to specific receptors expressed by the tumour. Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate may also be referred to as 177Lu-DOTA-Tyr3-octreotate. Compared to the alternative somatostatin analogue DOTA-Tyr3-octreotide (dotatoc), Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate displays higher uptake of radioactivity in tumors and better residence times [1]. In terms of biodistribution, Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate demonstrated a lower whole-body retention, indicating potentially lower risk for bone marrow toxicity [1]. The presence of a radioligand allows monitoring of treatment response post therapy and prior to next fraction of the dose delivery which may be clinically beneficial in estimating the intensity of lesion uptakes or deciding the dose for subsequent administrations [3].Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate was approved by the FDA as Lutathera in January 2018 for intravenous injection. It is a first radiopharmaceutical agent to be approved for gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (GEP-NETs) and is indicated for adult patients with somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NETs [7]. Targeting pancreas and other parts of the gastrointestinal tract such as the intestines and colon, neuroendocrine tumors may commonly metastasize to metastasize to the mesentery, peritoneum, and liver [2]. Patients with GEP-NETs have limited second-line treatment options after the metastasis of tumors and inadequate therapeutic response from first-line therapies. In a clinical trial involving patients with advanced somatostatin receptor-positive GEP-NET, the treatment of Lutetium Lu 177 dotatate in combination with octreotide resulted in longer progression-free survival compared to patients receiving octreotide alone and there was evidence of an overall survival benefit [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of somatostatin receptor-positive gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors (GEP-NETs), including foregut, midgut, and hindgut neuroendocrine tumors in adults [FDA Label].
