DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Voglibose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voglibose (INN and USAN) is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels in people with diabetes mellitus. It is made in India by Ranbaxy Labs and sold under the trade name Volix. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes. It is specifically used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels thereby reducing the risk of macrovascular complications.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Glucose
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glucose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) generated during phosynthesis involving water, carbon and sunlight in plants. It is produced in humans via hepatic gluconeogenesis and breakdown of polymeric glucose forms (glycogenolysis). It circulates in human circulation as blood glucose and acts as an essential energy source for many organisms through aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation. It is primarily stored as starch in plants and glycogen in animals to be used in various metabolic processes in the cellular level. Its aldohexose stereoisomer, dextrose or D-glucose, is the most commonly occurring isomer of glucose in nature. L-glucose is a synthesized enantiomer that is used as a low-calorie sweetener and laxative. The unspecified form of glucose is commonly supplied as an injection for nutritional supplementation or metabolic disorders where glucose levels are improperly regulated. Glucose is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Glucose pharmaceutical formulations (oral tablets, injections) are indicated for caloric supply and carbohydrate supplementation in case of nutrient deprivation. It is also used in metabolic disorders such as hypoglycemia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fludeoxyglucose F-18
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fludeoxyglucose F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical containing no-carrier added radioactive 2-deoxy-2-[18F]fluoro-D-g1ucose, which is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with Positron Emission Tomography (PET). It is administered by intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  The uptake of 18F-FDG by tissues is a marker for the tissue uptake of glucose, which in turn is closely correlated with certain types of tissue metabolism.Fludeoxyglucose F 18 Injection is indicated in positron emission tomography (PET) imaging for assessment of abnormal glucose metabolism to assist in the evaluation of malignancy in patients with known or suspected abnormalities found by other testing modalities, or in patients with an existing diagnoses of cancer. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PF-04991532
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-04991532 has been used in trials studying the basic science of Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetes Mellitus, Type 2, and Glucose Metabolism Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  KD3010
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KD3010 is a small molecule peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor delta (PPAR Delta) agonist for the treatment of metabolic disorders, including obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and obesity.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Glucose-6-Phosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An ester of glucose with phosphoric acid, made in the course of glucose metabolism by mammalian and other cells. It is a normal constituent of resting muscle and probably is in constant equilibrium with fructose-6-phosphate. (Stedman, 26th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Troglitazone
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Troglitazone was withdrawn in 2000 due to risk of hepatotoxicity. It was superseded by pioglitazone and rosiglitazone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type II diabetes mellitus. It is used alone or in combination with a sulfonylurea, metformin, or insulin as an adjunct to diet and exercise.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nateglinide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nateglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to β cells of the pancreas to stimulate insulin release. Nateglinide is an amino acid derivative that induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skipped with any skipped meal. Approximately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused by meglitinides appears to be lower than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those naïve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk is thought to be lower than that of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Nateglinide is extensively metabolized in the liver and excreted in urine (83%) and feces (10%). The major metabolites possess less activity than the parent compound. One minor metabolite, the isoprene, has the same potency as its parent compound.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of non-insulin dependent-diabetes mellitus in conjunction with diet and exercise.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Repaglinide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Repaglinide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the meglitinide class of short-acting insulin secretagogues, which act by binding to β cells of the pancreas to stimulate insulin release. Repaglinide induces an early insulin response to meals decreasing postprandial blood glucose levels. It should only be taken with meals and meal-time doses should be skipped with any skipped meal. Approximately one month of therapy is required before a decrease in fasting blood glucose is seen. Meglitnides may have a neutral effect on weight or cause a slight increase in weight. The average weight gain caused by meglitinides appears to be lower than that caused by sulfonylureas and insulin and appears to occur only in those naïve to oral antidiabetic agents. Due to their mechanism of action, meglitinides may cause hypoglycemia although the risk is thought to be lower than that of sulfonylureas since their action is dependent on the presence of glucose. In addition to reducing postprandial and fasting blood glucose, meglitnides have been shown to decrease glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Meglitinides appear to be more effective at lowering postprandial blood glucose than metformin, sulfonylureas and thiazolidinediones. Repaglinide is extensively metabolized in the liver and excreted in bile. Repaglinide metabolites do not possess appreciable hypoglycemic activity. Approximately 90% of a single orally administered dose is eliminated in feces and 8% in urine. 
4. Indication:  As an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Empagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Empagliflozin is a sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes. SGLT2 co-transporters are responsible for reabsorption of glucose from the glomerular filtrate in the kidney. The glucuretic effect resulting from SGLT2 inhibition reduces renal absorption and lowers the renal threshold for glucose, therefore resulting in increased glucose excretion. Additionally, it contributes to reduced hyperglycaemia and also assists weight loss and blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  Empagliflozin is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Uridine diphosphate glucose
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A key intermediate in carbohydrate metabolism. Serves as a precursor of glycogen, can be metabolized into UDPgalactose and UDPglucuronic acid which can then be incorporated into polysaccharides as galactose and glucuronic acid. Also serves as a precursor of sucrose lipopolysaccharides, and glycosphingolipids.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  SR-123781A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR-123781A is a synthetic hexadecasaccharide Factor IIa and Xa antagonist. It is under investigation by Sanofi-Aventis and Organon for the treatment of thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes (ACS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, thrombosis, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Canagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Canagliflozin belongs to a new class of anti-diabetic drugs that works by inhibiting the sodium-glucose transport protein (SGLT2). This transport protein is found in the kidney and is responsible for reabsorbing glucose that has been filtered. FDA approved on March 29, 2013.
4. Indication:  Canagliflozin is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Use in type 1 diabetes mellitus patients or in treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis is not recommended. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Insulin Pork
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type I and II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lonidamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lonidamine (LND) is a drug that interferes with energy metabolism of cancer cells, principally inhibiting aerobic glycolytic activity, by its effect on mitochondrially-bound hexokinase (HK). In such way LND could impair energy-requiring processes, as recovery from potentially lethal damage, induced by radiation treatment and by some cytotoxic drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, prostate disorders, and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dapagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for the management of diabetes mellitus type 2, and functions to improve glycemic control in adults when combined with diet and exercise. Dapagliflozin is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, which prevents glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Using dapagliflozin leads to heavy glycosuria (glucose excretion in the urine), which can lead to weight loss and tiredness. Dapagliflozin was approved by the FDA on Jan 08, 2014. Dapagliflozin is not recommended for patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus or for the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis. 
4. Indication:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for adjunct management of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, in combination with diet and exercise. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  CP-945598
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-945598 is an investigational drug which is a Cannabinoid-1 (CB-1) receptor antagonist being developed for the treatment of obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Stiripentol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stiripentol is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy as an adjunct therapy along with Clobazam and Valproic Acid. Unrelated to other anticonvulsants, stitipentol belongs to the group of aromatic allylic alcohols and may potentiate the effect of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) due to pharmacokinetic interactions. It elevates the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), a major inhibitory neurotransmitter that regulates electrical activity in the central nervous system. Use of stiripentol is approved for infants with Dravet syndrome, or Severe Myoclonic Epilepsy in Infancy (SMEI) that commonly occurs at the first year of life. Stiripentol is not FDA-approved but approved in Canada and European countries as oral tablets marketed as Diacomit.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in conjunction with clobazam and valproate as adjunctive therapy of refractory generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy (SMEI, Dravet’s syndrome) whose seizures are not adequately controlled with clobazam and valproate.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tolazamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A sulphonylurea hypoglycemic agent with actions and uses similar to those of chlorpropamide.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet to lower the blood glucose in patients with non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (Type II) whose hyperglycemia cannot be satisfactorily controlled by diet alone.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Vildagliptin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Insulin Degludec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin Degludec is an ultra-long-acting insulin analogue used for glycemic control in Diabetes Mellitus. Insulin and its analogues lower blood glucose levels by stimulating peripheral glucose uptake and by preventing hepatic glucose production. Compared to endogenous insulin, this product has an added hexadecanedioic acid to lysine at the B29 position which allows for the formation of multi-hexamers. When injected subcutaneously, these multi-hexamers form a drug depot store from which monomers are slowly and continuously absorbed into the circulation. As a result, Insulin Degludec has a protracted time action profile due to the delayed absorption from subcutaneous tissue depots into the systemic circulation. Compared to available long-acting analogues such as insulin glargine and insulin detemir, which have a duration of action of 20-24 hours, insulin degludec provides a consistent level of basal insulin over 42 hours with a low peak:trough ratio. Limitations of shorter acting analogues include more frequent dosing and less stable pharmacokinetics, which may negatively impact patient adherence and glucose control, particularly nocturnal control.Insulin Degludec was approved by the FDA in September 2015 as the product Tresiba, for use in providing glycemic control to adults with diabetes mellitus.
4. Indication:  Insulin degludec is indicated to improve glycemic control in adults with diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Glycodiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glycodiazine is used with diet to lower blood glucose by increasing the secretion of insulin from pancreas and increasing the sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. The mechanism of action of glycodiazine in lowering blood glucose appears to be dependent on stimulating the release of insulin from functioning pancreatic beta cells, and increasing sensitivity of peripheral tissues to insulin. Glycodiazine likely binds to ATP-sensitive potassium channel receptors on the pancreatic cell surface, reducing potassium conductance and causing depolarization of the membrane. Membrane depolarization stimulates calcium ion influx through voltage-sensitive calcium channels. This increase in intracellular calcium ion concentration induces the secretion of insulin. It is used for the concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.
4. Indication:  Glycodiazine is used concomitantly with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus. 
