DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Insulin Pork
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type I and II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PSN357
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN357 is a glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor (GPI), which is designed to rapidly lower blood glucose levels by preventing glycogen breakdown to glucose in the liver.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  L-Aspartic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  One of the non-essential amino acids commonly occurring in the L-form. It is found in animals and plants, especially in sugar cane and sugar beets. It may be a neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  There is no support for the claim that aspartates are exercise performance enhancers, i.e. ergogenic aids.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  TU-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TU-100 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  P54
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  P54 reduces the inflammation associated with cancer/tumors, Crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, osteoarthritis, and ulcerative colitis. It inhibits the induction of the enzyme NFkB, thereby inhibiting downstream inflammatory genes such as COX II and iNOS.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, osteoarthritis, and ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  CCX915
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX915 is developed by ChemoCentryx which targets the chemokine receptor CCR2 and is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis and Neurologic Disorders. The CCR2 receptor is thought to be of central importance to inflammatory diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (MS), Type II diabetes and atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CLX-0921
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CLX-0921 is investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2. CLX-0921 is a solid. CLX-0921 has a spectrum of activity that differs from commercially available thiazolidinediones. This substance targets the protein peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. It is a pharmacologically active antihyperglycemic agent that acts by increasing peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Insulin Glargine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin glargine is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12) as the production organism. It is an analogue of human insulin made by replacing the asparagine residue at position A21 of the A-chain with glycine and adding two arginines to the C-terminus (positions B31 and 32) of the B-chain. The resulting protein is soluble at pH 4 and forms microprecipitates at physiological pH 7.4. Small amounts of insulin glargine are slowly released from microprecipitates giving the drug a long duration of action (up to 24 hours) and no pronounced peak concentration. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus in patients over 17 years old who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for the control of hyperglycemia. May be used in pediatric patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for glycemic control. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Insulin Aspart
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin aspart is a recombinant, biosynthetic, fast-acting insulin analogue. It has a single amino acid substitution at position B28 where proline is replaced with aspartic acid. This substitution decreases its propensity to form hexamers and gives it a higher rate of absorption following subcutaneous administration compared to native insulin. Insulin aspart is produced in a genetically modified strain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and harvested from a bioreactor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. Should normally be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Insulin Detemir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin detemir is a long-acting human insulin analogue used to maintain basal levels of insulin in diabetic individuals. It is produced using recombinant DNA technology in yeast cells. This insulin analogue has a 14-C fatty acid, myristic acid, bound to the lysine amino acid at position B29. The myristoyl side chain increases self-association and albumin binding. This along with slow systemic absorption from the injection site prolongs distribution of the hormone into tissues and results in a long duration of action. Novo Nordisk markets insulin detemir under the trade name Levemir.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. May be used in combination with oral anti-diabetic agents in type 2 diabetic patients who are not in adequate metabolic control with oral anti-diabetic agents alone. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Insulin Glulisine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin glulisine is a biosynthetic, rapid-acting human insulin analogue produced in a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12). This recombinant hormone differs from native human insulin in that the amino acid arginine at position B3 is replaced by lysine and the lysine at position B29 is replaced by glutamic acid. These structural modifications decrease hexamer formation, stabilize insulin glulisine monomers and increase the rate of absorption and onset of action compared to human insulin. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus. Should be used in regimens including a long-acting or basal insulin analogue unless it is used in a continuous infusion pump. May be used with oral antidiabetic agents. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Insulin Lispro
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin lispro is a recombinant human insulin analogue produced in a specialized laboratory strain of Escherischia coli. Plasmid DNA transfected into the bacteria encodes for an analogue of human insulin that has a lysine at residuce B28 and proline at B29; these residues are reversed in endogenous human insulin. Reversal of these amino acid residues produces a rapid-acting insulin analogue. FDA approved on 1996.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. To be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin except when used in a continuous insulin infusion pump. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Candesartan cilexetil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is administered orally as the prodrug, candesartan cilexetil, which is rapidly converted to its active metabolite, candesartan, during absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Candesartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Candesartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Mumps virus strain b level jeryl lynn live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mumps virus strain b level jeryl lynn live antigen is a live attenuated virus vaccine for subcutenous injection. It is an active immunization against mumps, which is a common childhood disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Measles virus strain enders' attenuated edmonston live antigen is a live virus vaccine for simultaneous vaccination against measles, which is a common childhood disease. The vaccine is prepared from the attenuated line of measles virus, derived from Enders' attenuated Edmonston strain and propagated in chick embryo cell culture.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  N-(4-Methoxybenzyl)-N'-(5-Nitro-1,3-Thiazol-2-Yl)Urea
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B), liver transplant surgery, and pediatric indications.
