DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PSN357
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN357 is a glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor (GPI), which is designed to rapidly lower blood glucose levels by preventing glycogen breakdown to glucose in the liver.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Insulin Pork
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type I and II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Von Willebrand Factor Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[1] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[8]
4. Indication:  The vWF and Factor VIII complex is indicated for the prevention of excessive bleeding during and after minor and major surgery in adult and pediatric von Willebrand disease patients. It is also indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes.[9] The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[10]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Turoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Turoctocog alfa is a recombinant factor VIII (rFVIII) with a truncated B-domain made from the sequence coding for 10 amino acids from the N-terminus and 11 amino acids from the C-terminus of the naturally occurring B-domain. Turoctocog alfa is produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells without addition of any human- or animal-derived materials. During secretion, some rFVIII molecules are cleaved at the C-terminal of the heavy chain (HC) at amino acid 720, and a monoclonal antibody binding C-terminal to this position is used in the purification process allowing isolation of the intact rFVIII.[1] It was developped by Novo Nordisk and FDA approved in October 16, 2013.[6]
4. Indication:  Turoctocog alfa is indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleedings in patients presenting hemophilia A.[7] The treatment with turoctocog alfa is related with its use to control bleeding episodes or as a perioperative management.[8] Hemophilia A is a hereditary hemorrhagic disorder generated by the congenital deficit of the coagulation factor VIII. This disease is manifested as excessive spontaneous or trauma-driven bleeding. The coagulation factor VIII is a robust initiator of thrombin which is later required for the generation of fibrin to form a platelet plug and its gene is expressed in the X chromosome.[2]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  CLX-0921
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CLX-0921 is investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2. CLX-0921 is a solid. CLX-0921 has a spectrum of activity that differs from commercially available thiazolidinediones. This substance targets the protein peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma. It is a pharmacologically active antihyperglycemic agent that acts by increasing peripheral tissue sensitivity to insulin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Insulin Glargine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin glargine is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12) as the production organism. It is an analogue of human insulin made by replacing the asparagine residue at position A21 of the A-chain with glycine and adding two arginines to the C-terminus (positions B31 and 32) of the B-chain. The resulting protein is soluble at pH 4 and forms microprecipitates at physiological pH 7.4. Small amounts of insulin glargine are slowly released from microprecipitates giving the drug a long duration of action (up to 24 hours) and no pronounced peak concentration. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus in patients over 17 years old who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for the control of hyperglycemia. May be used in pediatric patients with Type 1 diabetes mellitus who require a long-acting (basal) insulin for glycemic control. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Insulin Aspart
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin aspart is a recombinant, biosynthetic, fast-acting insulin analogue. It has a single amino acid substitution at position B28 where proline is replaced with aspartic acid. This substitution decreases its propensity to form hexamers and gives it a higher rate of absorption following subcutaneous administration compared to native insulin. Insulin aspart is produced in a genetically modified strain of Saccharomyces cerevisiae and harvested from a bioreactor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. Should normally be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Insulin Lispro
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin lispro is a recombinant human insulin analogue produced in a specialized laboratory strain of Escherischia coli. Plasmid DNA transfected into the bacteria encodes for an analogue of human insulin that has a lysine at residuce B28 and proline at B29; these residues are reversed in endogenous human insulin. Reversal of these amino acid residues produces a rapid-acting insulin analogue. FDA approved on 1996.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. To be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin except when used in a continuous insulin infusion pump. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Insulin Detemir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin detemir is a long-acting human insulin analogue used to maintain basal levels of insulin in diabetic individuals. It is produced using recombinant DNA technology in yeast cells. This insulin analogue has a 14-C fatty acid, myristic acid, bound to the lysine amino acid at position B29. The myristoyl side chain increases self-association and albumin binding. This along with slow systemic absorption from the injection site prolongs distribution of the hormone into tissues and results in a long duration of action. Novo Nordisk markets insulin detemir under the trade name Levemir.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. May be used in combination with oral anti-diabetic agents in type 2 diabetic patients who are not in adequate metabolic control with oral anti-diabetic agents alone. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Insulin Glulisine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin glulisine is a biosynthetic, rapid-acting human insulin analogue produced in a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of Escherichia coli (K12). This recombinant hormone differs from native human insulin in that the amino acid arginine at position B3 is replaced by lysine and the lysine at position B29 is replaced by glutamic acid. These structural modifications decrease hexamer formation, stabilize insulin glulisine monomers and increase the rate of absorption and onset of action compared to human insulin. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 and 2 diabetes mellitus. Should be used in regimens including a long-acting or basal insulin analogue unless it is used in a continuous infusion pump. May be used with oral antidiabetic agents. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  N-(4-Methoxybenzyl)-N'-(5-Nitro-1,3-Thiazol-2-Yl)Urea
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ferumoxytol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferumoxytol is an iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). As a non-stoichiometric magnetite (superparamagnetic iron oxide), it isolates the bioactive iron from plasma components to enter the intracellular storage iron pool and later be incorporated into hemglobin. It is available as an intravenous injection under the market name Feraheme.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anemia, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Emicizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emicizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody that mimics the function of the coagulation Factor VIII and it has the capacity to bind simultaneously to activated Factor IX and Factor X. The ability of Emicizumab to bind to all these three different factors allows it to overcome immunogenicity and unstable hemostatic efficacy produced by previous Factor VII agents. Emicizumab was originated as an improved form of hBS23 and it was approved on November 16, 2017, for the treatment of hemophilia A with factor VIII inhibitors.[1, 6] It was created by Chugai Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. and co-developed with Roche and Genentech.[5]
4. Indication:  The main function of Emicizumab is the prevention of bleeding episodes. Thus, Emicizumab is approved for the routine prophylaxis of patients with hemophilia A that present Factor VIII inhibitors. Hemophilia A is a deficiency of coagulation Factor VIII which causes a serious bleeding disorder. The standard treatment is done with the administration of recombinant or serum-deriver Factor VIII which induces the formation of anti-factor VIII alloantibodies (Factor VIII inhibitors) and renders the standard treatment ineffective.[2]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tideglusib
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[1] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.
4. Indication:  Tideglusib was initially formulated for the treatment of Alzheimer and progressive supranuclear palsy.[1] The raising interest for the use of tideglusib comes from the significant upregulation of GSK-3 in the brain in patients with Alzheimer disease. Its function as a degradant of β-catenin, was also important, as it prevents the transcription of cell survival genes. All these factors have directed current research towards this kinase as a potential target.[3] Alzheimer disease is the most prevalent form of dementia. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disease is related to the presence of amyloid β, which triggers a cascade that will alter the Tau protein and provoke synaptic dysfunction and neuronal death.[4] GSK-3 importance in the tissue repair pathway has also pointed out a novel application for tideglusib. Thus, it is also under the research for the natural repair treatment of deep caries lesions.[2] 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ambroxol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambroxol is a secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus. It is the active ingredient of Mucosolvan, Lasolvan or Mucoangin. The substance is a mucoactive drug with several properties including secretolytic and secretomotoric actions that restore the physiological clearance mechanisms of the respiratory tract which play an important role in the body’s natural defence mechanisms. It stimulates synthesis and release of surfactant by type II pneumocytes. Surfactants acts as an anti-glue factor by reducing the adhesion of mucus to the bronchial wall, in improving its transport and in providing protection against infection and irritating agents.
4. Indication:  Ambroxol is indicated as “secretolytic therapy in bronchopulmonary diseases associated with abnormal mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. It promotes mucus clearance, facilitates expectoration and eases productive cough, allowing patients to breathe freely and deeply. 
