DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MDX-1303
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1303 is a fully human antibody against the inhalation anthrax, the most lethal form of illness in humans caused by the Bacillus anthracis bacterium, and targets a protein component of these lethal toxins known as the anthrax protective antigen.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anthrax exposure and bacterial infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  CUDC-907
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CUDC-907 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, BREAST CANCER, Multiple Myeloma, and NUT Midline Carcinoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Anthrax immune globulin human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anthrax immune globulin is a human immune globulin that is used in combination with antibiotics to treat anthrax. It is derived from the plasma of humans immunized with BioThrax (adsorbed anthrax vaccine), which is then further purified. Available as the product Anthrasil (FDA), the result is a solution for slow IV infusion containing polyclonal antibodies that bind the protective antigen (PA) component of Bacillus anthracis lethal and edema toxins. This binding of antibody to PA prevents PA-mediated cellular entry of toxic factors. It is administered in combination with appropriate antibiotic therapy as the immunoglobulin itself is not known to have direct antibacterial activity against anthrax bacteria, which otherwise may continue to grow and produce anthrax toxins.
4. Indication:  Anthrax immune globulin is indicated for the treatment of inhalational anthrax in adult and pediatric patients in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  KP-1461
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KP-1461 is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Eribulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eribulin is a microtubule inhibitor indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer who have previously received at least two chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of metastatic disease. Eribulin was isolated from the marine sponge Halichondria okadai. Eribulin is also being investigated for use in the treatment of advanced solid tumors [2].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with metastatic breast cancer who have previously received at least two chemotherapeutic regimens for the treatment of metastatic cancer. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Demeclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat Lyme disease, acne, and bronchitis. Also indicated (but rarely used) to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, malaria, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. One of its other registered uses is the treatment of hyponatremia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lysergic Acid Diethylamide
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Debate continues over the nature and causes of chronic flashbacks. Explanations in terms of LSD physically remaining in the body for months or years after consumption have been discounted by experimental evidence. Some say HPPD is a manifestation of post-traumatic stress disorder, not related to the direct action of LSD on brain chemistry, and varies according to the susceptibility of the individual to the disorder. Many emotionally intense experiences can lead to flashbacks when a person is reminded acutely of the original experience. However, not all published case reports of chronic flashbacks appear to describe an anxious hyper-vigilant state reminiscent of post-traumatic stress disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Alclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It was withdrawn from the market in the United Kingdom in 1979.
4. Indication:  Alclofenac is indicated in rheumatology, in particular for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and, as an analgesic, in painful arthritic pathologies.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Raxibacumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Raxibacumab is a human IgG1λ monoclonal antibody that binds the protective antigen (PA) component of B. anthracis toxin. Raxibacumab has a molecular weight of approximately 146 kilodaltons. Raxibacumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a murine cell expression system. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.
4. Indication:  Raxibacumab is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with inhalational anthrax due to Bacillus anthracis in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs, and for prophylaxis of inhalational anthrax when alternative therapies are not available or are not appropriate. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Candicidin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Candicidin is an antibiotic obtained from a streptomyces (Streptomyces griseus) and active against some fungi of the genus Candida (C. albicans). Candicidin is administered intravaginally in the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Used in the topical treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Benzyl Benzoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzyl benzoate is one of the older preparations used to treat scabies. Scabies is a skin infection caused by the mite sarcoptes scabiei. It is characterised by severe itching (particularly at night), red spots, and may lead to a secondary infection. Benzyl benzoate is lethal to this mite and so is useful in the treatment of scabies. It is also used to treat lice infestation of the head and body. Benzyl benzoate is not the treatment of choice for scabies due to its irritant properties.
4. Indication:  Used to kill lice and the mites responsible for the skin condition scabies.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tartaric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tartaric acid is a white crystalline organic acid that occurs naturally in many plants, most notably in grapes.Tartaric is an alpha-hydroxy-carboxylic acid, is diprotic and aldaric in acid characteristics, and is a dihydroxyl derivative of succinic acid.
4. Indication:  Tartaric Acid is primarily indicated in conditions like Antiscorbutic, Antiseptic.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eptifibatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic cyclic hexapeptide that binds to platelet receptor glycoprotein and inhibits platelet aggregation.
4. Indication:  For treatment of myocardial infarction and acute coronary syndrome.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Quercetin
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A flavonol widely distributed in plants. It is an antioxidant, like many other phenolic heterocyclic compounds. Glycosylated forms include RUTIN and quercetrin. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Taribavirin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tirapazamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirapazamine (SR-4233) is an experimental anticancer drug that is activated to a toxic radical only at very low levels of oxygen (hypoxia). Such levels are common in human solid tumors, a phenomenon known as tumor hypoxia. Thus, tirapazamine is activated to its toxic form preferentially in the hypoxic areas of solid tumors. Cells in these regions are resistant to killing by radiotherapy and most anticancer drugs. Thus the combination of tirapazamine with conventional anticancer treatments is particularly effective. As of 2006, tirapazamine is undergoing phase III testing in patients with head and neck cancer and gynecological cancer, and similar trials are being undertaken for other solid tumor types. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Anagrelide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anagrelide is a drug used for the treatment of essential thrombocytosis (ET; essential thrombocythemia). It also has been used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with thrombocythemia, secondary to myeloproliferative disorders, to reduce the elevated platelet count and the risk of thrombosis and to ameliorate associated symptoms including thrombo-hemorrhagic events.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Olsalazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olsalazine is an anti-inflammatory drug used in the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis. Olsalazine is a derivative of salicylic acid. Inactive by itself (it is a prodrug), it is converted by the bacteria in the colon to mesalamine. Mesalamine works as an anti-inflammatory agent in treating inflammatory diseases of the intestines.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Inflammatory Bowel Disease and Ulcerative Colitis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nelarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nelarabine is a chemotherapy drug used in T-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Nelarabine is a purine nucleoside analog converted to its corresponding arabinosylguanine nucleotide triphosphate (araGTP), resulting in inhibition of DNA synthesis and cytotoxicity.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pediatric and adult patients with acute T-cell lymphoblastic leukemia and T-cell lymphoblastic lymphoma whose disease has not responded to or has relapsed following treatment with at least two chemotherapy regimens.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type B
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Neurotoxin produced by fermentation of clostridium botulinum type B. The protein exists in noncovalent association with hemagglutinin and nonhemagglutinin proteins as a neurotoxin complex. The neurotoxin complex is recovered from the fermentation process and purified through a series of precipitation and chromatography steps.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with cervical dystonia to reduce the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Glutethimide
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A hypnotic and sedative. Its use has been largely superseded by other drugs. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia.
