DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Thyroglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Thyroglobulin (also known as Tg) is an enzyme thyroid hormone used by the thyroid gland to produce the thyroid hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). The active form of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, is produced both within the thyroid gland and periphery by 5'-deiodinase. Patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis or Graves' disease, frequently develop antibodies against thyroglobulin. Thyroglobulin is used to treat hypothyroidism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypothyroidism (deficiency in the production of thyroid hormone).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Methimazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioureylene antithyroid agent that inhibits the formation of thyroid hormones by interfering with the incorporation of iodine into tyrosyl residues of thyroglobulin. This is done by interfering with the oxidation of iodide ion and iodotyrosyl groups through inhibition of the peroxidase enzyme. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperthyroidism, goiter, Graves disease and psoriasis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Etravirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infections resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. 
