DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sermorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sermorelin acetate is the acetate salt of an amidated synthetic 29-amino acid peptide (GRF 1-29 NH 2 ) that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH or GRF) consisting of 44 amino acid residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dwarfism, prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Somatrem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 1985 somatrem (methionyl-growth hormone) became the first recombinant growth hormone product to be marketed commercially (Protropin by Genentech) [3]. The agent has the same amino acid sequence as human growth hormone except for an extra methionine at the end of the sequence chain to facilitate its manufacturing process [3].Although the first commercially marketed recombinant growth hormone product Protropin was discontinued in 2004 owing to a relative explosion in brand and generic based releases of competing companies' own recombinant growth hormone products and the ensuing competition in product price over the years, many companies now produce and sell various approved formulations of methionyl-growth hormone, including Genetech's own current Nutropin product [3].Despite the ability of almost all contemporary recombinant growth hormones to cause definite and demonstrable increases in growth rate in patients who are administered the drug, the use of these agents continues to be mired in persistent bioethical debate [1]. Such discussion revolves around whether patients' natural disposition of short stature should be considered a medical condition justifying medical treatment with such hormone therapy - especially when these hormone agents have been proven effective at increasing the height of children with or without growth hormone deficiency [1].
4. Indication:  Somatrem is a recombinant human growth hormone indicated for: (a) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to growth hormone deficiency (GHD), (b) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to idiopathic short stature (ISS), (c) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to Turner syndrome (TS), (d) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) up to the time of renal transplantation, (e) treatment of adults with childhood-onset GHD, or (f) treatment of adults with adult-onset GHD [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pegvisomant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly. Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.
4. Indication:  Pegvisomant is a growth hormone receptor antagonist used for the treatment of acromegaly.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Somatotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli
4. Indication:  For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Octreotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octreotide is the acetate salt of a cyclic octapeptide. It is a long-acting octapeptide with pharmacologic properties mimicking those of the natural hormone somatostatin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acromegaly and reduction of side effects from cancer chemotherapy
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tesamorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tesamorelin is a stabilized synthetic peptide analogue of the hypothalamic peptide, Growth Hormone Releasing Hormone (GHRH) indicated for the reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. Lipodystrophy is a metabolic condition characterized by insulin resistance, fat redistribution, and hyperlipidemia associated with antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.
4. Indication:  Tesamorelin acetate is a synthetic analogue of human hypothalamic Growth Hormone Releasing Factor (hGRF) indicated to induce and maintain a reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pergolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist approved in 1982 for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease. It is an ergot derivative that acts on the dopamine D2 and D3, alpha2- and alpha1-adrenergic, and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors. It was indicated as adjunct therapy with levodopa/carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonian syndrome. It was later found that pergolide increased the risk of cardiac valvulopathy. The drug was withdrawn from the US market in March 2007 and from the Canadian market in August 2007.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in the management of the signs and symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It was withdrawn from the US and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valvulopathy. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mecasermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mecasermin contains recombinant-DNA-engineered human insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1). IGF-1 consists of 70 amino acids in a single chain with three intramolecular disulfide bridges and a molecular weight of 7649 daltons. The amino acid sequence of the product is identical to that of endogenous human IGF-1. The rhIGF-1 protein is synthesized in bacteria (E. coli) that have been modified by the addition of the gene for human IGF-1.
4. Indication:  For the long-term treatment of growth failure in pediatric patients with Primary IGFD or with GH gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to GH. It is not indicated to treat Secondary IGFD resulting from GH deficiency, malnutrition, hypothyroidism or other causes; it is not a substitute for GH therapy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Gonadorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pitutitary.
4. Indication:  For evaluating the functional capacity and response of the gonadotropes of the anterior pituitary also for evaluating residual gonadotropic function of the pituitary following removal of a pituitary tumor by surgery and/or irradiation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nafarelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. Nafarelin has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of central precocious puberty (true precocious puberty, GnRH-dependent precocious precocity, complete isosexual precocity) in children of both sexes and for the treatment of endometriosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Macimorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Macimorelin, a novel and orally active ghrelin mimetic that stimulates GH secretion, is used in the diagnosis of adult GH deficiency (AGHD). More specifically, macimorelin is a peptidomimetic growth hormone secretagogue (GHS) that acts as an agonist of GH secretagogue receptor, or ghrelin receptor (GHS-R1a) to dose-dependently increase GH levels [3]. Growth hormone secretagogues (GHS) represent a new class of pharmacological agents which have the potential to be used in numerous clinical applications. They include treatment for growth retardation in children and cachexia associated with chronic disease such as AIDS and cancer. Growth hormone (GH) is classically linked with linear growth during childhood. In deficiency of this hormone, AGHD is commonly associated with increased fat mass (particularly in the abdominal region), decreased lean body mass, osteopenia, dyslipidemia, insulin resistance, and/or glucose intolerance overtime. In addition, individuals with may be susceptible to cardiovascular complications from altered structures and function [5]. Risk factors of AGHD include a history of childhood-onset GH deficiency or with hypothalamic/pituitary disease, surgery, or irradiation to these areas, head trauma, or evidence of other pituitary hormone deficiencies [3]. While there are various therapies available such as GH replacement therapy, the absence of panhypopituitarism and low serum IGF-I levels with nonspecific clinical symptoms pose challenges to the detection and diagnosis of AGHD. The diagnosis of AGHD requires biochemical confirmation with at least 1 GH stimulation test [3]. Macimorelin is clinically useful since it displays good stability and oral bioavailability with comparable affinity to ghrelin receptor as its endogenous ligand. In clinical studies involving healthy subjects, macimorelin stimulated GH release in a dose-dependent manner with good tolerability [3].Macimorelin, developed by Aeterna Zentaris, was approved by the FDA in December 2017 under the market name Macrilen for oral solution.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the diagnosis of adult growth hormone deficiency (AGHD) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cabergoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cabergoline, an ergot derivative, is a long-acting dopamine agonist and prolactin inhibitor. It is used to treat hyperprolactinemic disorders and Parkinsonian Syndrome. Cabergoline possesses potent agonist activity on dopamine D2 receptors. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperprolactinemic disorders, either idiopathic or due to prolactinoma (prolactin-secreting adenomas). May also be used to manage symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome as monotherapy during initial symptomatic management or as an adjunct to levodopa therapy during advanced stages of disease. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Urofollitropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
4. Indication:  For treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Somatostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Somatostatin is a synthetic cyclic 14 amino acid peptide (identical in structure and activity to naturally occurring somatostatin). Naturally occurring somatostatin (also known as growth hormone-inhibiting hormone) is a peptide hormone that regulates the endocrine system and affects neurotransmission and cell proliferation via interaction with G protein-coupled somatostatin receptors and inhibition of the release of numerous secondary hormones. Somatostatin inhibits insulin and glucagon secretion.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of acute bleeding from esophageal varices. Other treatment options for long-term management of the condition may be considered if necessary, once initial control has been established.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Diethylstilbestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethylstilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Previously used in the prevention of miscarriage or premature delivery in pregnant women prone to miscarriage or premature delivery.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tetracosactide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetracosactide (also known as Cosyntropin) is a synthetic peptide that is identical to the 24-amino acid segment (sequence: SYSMEHFRWGKPVGKKRRPVKVYP) at the N-terminal of adrenocorticotropic hormone. ACTH (1-24), a segment similar in all species, contains the biological activity that stimulates production of corticosteroids in the adrenal cortex. Tetracosactide exhibits the same activity as natural ACTH with regard to all its biological activities. The complex results in a product whose absorption in man is effected over a longer period of time as compared to corticotropin. Therefore, therapy may be maintained with less frequent administration.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Histrelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Histrelin is a gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist that acts as a potent inhibitor of gonadotropin when administered as an implant that delivers continuous therapeutic doses. Following an initial stimulatory phase with increased circulating levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), leading to a transient increase in concentration of gonadal steroids (testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in males), continuous administration of histrelin acetate results in decreased levels of LH and FSH due to a reversible down-regulation of the GnRH receptors in the pituitary gland and desensitization of the pituitary gonadotropes. As the product Supprelin LA (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the treatment of children with central precocious puberty (CPP). As the product Vantas (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer. 
4. Indication:  As the product Supprelin LA (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the treatment of children with central precocious puberty (CPP). As the product Vantas (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pasireotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pasireotide is a synthetic long-acting cyclic hexapeptide with somatostatin-like activity. It is marketed as a diaspartate salt called Signifor, which is used in the treatment of Cushing's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Cushing’s disease, specifically for those patients whom pituitary surgery has not been curative or is not an option.
