DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Afimoxifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Afimoxifene (4-Hydroxytamoxifen, trade name TamoGel) is a new estrogen inhibitor under investigation for a variety of estrogen-dependent conditions, including cyclic breast pain and gynecomastia. TamoGel is formulated using Enhanced Hydroalcoholic Gel (EHG) Technology. This technology enables percutaneous delivery of drugs that cannot be delivered orally. It is being developed by Ascent Therapeutics.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of menstrual-cycle related mastalgia, fibrocystic breast disease, breast disease, gynecomastia and Keloid scarring.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  4-Hydroxytestosterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  4-Hydroxytestosterone is testosterone substituted with a hydroxy group on the fourth carbon atom. It is an anabolic steroid with no therapeutic indications, which is prohibited from use in sports by the World Anti-Doping Agency.Formestane (Lentaron) acts as a prohormone of 4-Hydroxytestosterone, as 4-Hydroxytestosterone is one of the many byproducts of formestane metabolism. It is specifically the 17-hydroxylated analog to formestane. [1] Like formestane, 4-hydroxytesterone has been patented for use in decreasing estrogen production in the body, but no such indication currently exists. 4-Hydroxytestosterone was first patented in 1955 by G.D Searle & Company.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Domperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of dyspepsia, heartburn, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Letrozole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letrozole (INN, trade name Femara®) is an oral non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor that has been introduced for the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive breast cancerEstrogens are produced by the conversion of androgens through the activity of the aromatase enzyme. Letrozole blocks production of estrogens in this way by competitive, reversible binding to the heme of its cytochrome P450 unit. The action is specific, and letrozole does not reduce production of mineralo- or corticosteroids. In contrast, the antiestrogenic action of tamoxifen, the major medical therapy prior to the arrival of aromatase inhibitors, is due to its interfering with the estrogen receptor, rather than inhibiting estrogen production.Letrozole is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of local or metastatic breast cancer that is hormone receptor positive or has an unknown receptor status in postmenopausal women. Side effects include signs and symptoms of hypoestrogenism. There is concern that long term use may lead to osteoporosis, which is why prescriptions of Letrozole are often accompanied by prescriptions of osteoporosis-fighting medication such as Fosamax.Letrozole has shown to reduce estrogen levels by 98 percent while raising testosterone levels. The anti-estrogen action of letrozole is preferred by athletes and bodybuilders for use during a steroid cycle to reduce bloating due to excess water retention and prevent the formation of gynecomastia related breast tissue that is a side effect of some anabolic steroids. Usage above 2.5 mg/day is known to potentially temporarily kill sex drive. Above 5mg/day for extended periods may cause kidney problems.Letrozole has also been shown to delay the fusing of the growth plates in adolescents. This may boost the effectiveness of growth hormone, and thus Letrozole is used to treat adolescents and children with short stature.
4. Indication:  For the extended adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer in postmenopausal women who have received 5 years of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy. Also for first-line treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor positive or hormone receptor unknown locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Also indicated for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Anastrozole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anastrozole is a drug indicated in the treatment of breast cancer in post-menopausal women. It is used both in adjuvant therapy (i.e. following surgery) and in metastatic breast cancer. It decreases the amount of estrogens that the body makes. Anastrozole belongs in the class of drugs known as aromatase inhibitors. It inhibits the enzyme aromatase, which is responsible for converting androgens (produced by women in the adrenal glands) to estrogens.
4. Indication:  For adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor positive breast cancer , as well as hormonal treatment of advanced breast cancer in post-menopausal women. Has also been used to treat pubertal gynecomastia and McCune-Albright syndrome; however, manufacturer states that efficacy for these indications have not been established.
