DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pinus rigida pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinus rigida pollen is the pollen of the Pinus rigida plant. Pinus rigida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pectin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pectin is a heteropolysaccharide commercially derived from the cell wall of higher plants.[2] It is composed of partially methylated polygalacturonic acid units linked in the positions 1-4.[7] The carboxylic group of the constituents of pectin can exist in the form of esters, free acids, ammonium, potassium or sodium salts or as acid amides. Under the FDA regulation, pectin qualifies as a GRAS (generally recognized as safe) food substance. This status allows pectin to be used with no limitations.[6]
4. Indication:  Pectin is used in food as a gelling agent and stabilizer. As a medical drug, it has obtained a great interest in its potential use as a source of dietary fiber, lipid, cholesterol, serum glucose and insulin level lowering effect, gastric emptying delay.[2] Some recent studies have researched the possibility of using pectin for the formation of nanoparticles as a delivery vehicle of drugs.[3]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Zinc
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A metallic element of atomic number 30 and atomic weight 65.38. It is a necessary trace element in the diet, forming an essential part of many enzymes, and playing an important role in protein synthesis and in cell division. Zinc deficiency is associated with anemia, short stature, hypogonadism, impaired wound healing, and geophagia. It is known by the symbol Zn [12].Interestingly recent review articles have already demonstrated the important role of zinc in the pathophysiology and treatment of affective disorders, plus discussed the potential value of zinc as a marker of these diseases [11]. Most recently, research has shown that polymorphism of the common polymorphism in zinc transporter SLC30A8/ZnT8 may increase susceptibility to type 2 diabetes provided novel insights into the role of zinc in diabetes [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
