DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Acetophenazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetophenazine is an antipsychotic drug of moderate-potency. It is used in the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. It is also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions). It primarily targets the dopamine D2 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of disorganized and psychotic thinking. Also used to help treat false perceptions (e.g. hallucinations or delusions.)
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Phenindamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenindamine is an antihistamine. Phenindamine blocks the effects of the naturally occurring chemical histamine in your body. Antihistamines such as phenindamine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release. It is used to treat sneezing, runny nose, itching, watery eyes, hives, rashes, itching, and other symptoms of allergies and the common cold.Symptoms of a phenindamine overdose include extreme sleepiness, confusion, weakness, ringing in the ears, blurred vision, large pupils, dry mouth, flushing, fever, shaking, insomnia, hallucinations, and possibly seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to treat sneezing, runny nose, itching, watery eyes, hives, rashes, itching, and other symptoms of allergies and the common cold.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nelotanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pemoline
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 2005, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) withdrew approval for pemoline. In March 2005, Abbott Laboratories (Cylert marketer) had discontinued the production of Cylert arguing economic reasons.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Trihexyphenidyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the centrally acting muscarinic antagonists used for treatment of parkinsonian disorders and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of parkinson's disease and extrapyramidal reactions caused by drugs.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Paraldehyde
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paraldehyde is the cyclic trimer of acetaldehyde molecules. It was introduced into clinical practice in the UK by the Italian physician Vincenzo Cervello in 1882. It is a central nervous system depressant and was soon found to be an effective anticonvulsant, hypnotic and sedative. It was included in some cough medicines as an expectorant (though there is no known mechanism for this function beyond the placebo effect).
4. Indication:  Paraldehyde was used historically as a sedative and hypnotic [1]. It has been used in the treatment of seizures as an anticonvulsant [2].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rimantadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of illness caused by various strains of influenza A virus in adults.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tripelennamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions, coughs, and the common cold.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Benzatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzotropine is a centrally-acting, antimuscarinic agent used as an adjunct in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease. It may also be used to treat extrapyramidal reactions, such as dystonia and Parkinsonism, caused by antipsychotics (e.g. phenothiazines). Symptoms of Parkinson’s disease and extrapyramidal reactions arise from decreases in dopaminergic activity which creates an imbalance between dopaminergic and cholinergic activity. Anticholinergic therapy is thought to aid in restoring this balance leading to relief of symptoms. In addition to its anticholinergic effects, benztropine also inhibits the reuptake of dopamine at nerve terminals via the dopamine transporter. Benzotropine also produces antagonistic effects at the histamine H1 receptor. 
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and also for use in the control of extrapyramidal disorders due to neuroleptic drugs.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Remoxipride
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antipsychotic agent that is specific for dopamine D2 receptors. It has been shown to be effective in the treatment of schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Remoxipride is an atypical antipsychotic once used for the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Mazindol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mazindol is a tricyclic anorexigenic agent unrelated to and less toxic than amphetamine, but with some similar side effects. It inhibits uptake of catecholamines and blocks the binding of cocaine to the dopamine uptake transporter. Mazindol is only approved in the United States for the treatment of Duchenne muscular dystrophy, and is not marketed or available in the United States for use in the treatment of obesity.
4. Indication:  Used in short-term (a few weeks) treatment of exogenous obesity in conjunction with a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction, exercise, and behavior modification in patients with a body mass index of 30 kg of body weight per height in meters squared (kg/m2) or in patients with a body mass index of 27 kg/m2 in the presence of risk factors such as hypertension, diabetes, or hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cyclobenzaprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant and a central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Cyclobenzaprine acts on the locus coeruleus where it results in increased norepinephrine release, potentially through the gamma fibers which innervate and inhibit the alpha motor neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. It is structurally similar to Amitriptyline, differing by only one double bond.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fluconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Triazole antifungal agent that is used to treat oropharyngeal candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis in AIDS. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of fungal infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dapsone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A sulfone active against a wide range of bacteria but mainly employed for its actions against mycobacterium leprae. Its mechanism of action is probably similar to that of the sulfonamides which involves inhibition of folic acid synthesis in susceptible organisms. It is also used with pyrimethamine in the treatment of malaria. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p157-8)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of leprosy and dermatitis herpetiformis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Flavoxate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A drug that has been used in various urinary syndromes and as an antispasmodic. Its therapeutic usefulness and its mechanism of action are not clear. It may have local anesthetic activity and direct relaxing effects on smooth muscle as well as some activity as a muscarinic antagonist. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of dysuria, urgency, nocturia, suprapubic pain, frequency and incontinence as may occur in cystitis, prostatitis, urethritis, urethrocystitis/urethrotrigonitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ethambutol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antitubercular agent that inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus. It may also inhibit the synthesis of spermidine in mycobacteria. The action is usually bactericidal, and the drug can penetrate human cell membranes to exert its lethal effect. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p863)
4. Indication:  For use, as an adjunct, in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
