DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Milatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Milatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Multiple Myeloma (MM), GVHD (Acute or Chronic), Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Evening primrose oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Evening primrose oil is extracted fromthe seeds of Oenothera biennis, a plant native to eastern and central North America. It contains about 7-10% of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA), which is involved in the synthesis of prostaglandin. Evening primrose oil is used in skin disorders such as eczema, psoriasis, and acne for temporary symptomatic relief. It is also used in temporary pain management for conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, osteoporosis, Raynaud’s syndrome, and multiple sclerosis. It is also used in chronic fatigue, asthma, hyperactivity in children, gastrointestinal disorders including ulcerative colitis, irritable bowel syndrome, and peptic ulcer disease. Uses of evening primrose oil in women for premenstrual syndrome (PMS), breast pain, endometriosis, and symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes are reported.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  NP-50301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NP-50301 is an ophthalmic therapeutic eye drop treating post-menopausal Dry Eye Syndrome (DES). It is being developed by Nascent Pharmaceuticals. It is estimated that about 30% of postmenopausal women suffer symptoms of DES, which accounts for over 12 million women in the U.S. The majority of sufferers of DES are postmenopausal women; and clinical research around the world has suggested the benefits of both topical and systemic estrogen therapy in the treatment of DES in this population.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dulaglutide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dulaglutide is a novel glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug consisting of a dipeptidyl peptidase-IV-protected GLP-1 analogue covalently linked to a human IgG4-Fc heavy chain by a small peptide linker. Dulaglutide is indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and can be used once a week. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014. Dulaglutide is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lily under the brand Trulicity™. It is not known if dulaglutide can increase the risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2, and is thus not recommended for use in populations with a personal or family history of these conditions. 
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  DDP-225
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP225 is both a noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor and a serotonin type 3receptor (5-HT3) antagonist. Noradrenaline and serotonin are neurotransmitters that are known to be involved in the control of thegastrointestinal system. The unique combination of noradrenaline reuptakeinhibition and 5-HT3 antagonism in one orally delivered compound represents a novel approach to treating IBS-d and other functional GI diseases. Dynogen licensed preclinical and clinical data related to DDP225 from Mitsubishi Pharma in October 2003.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, depression, diarrhea, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Immune Globulin Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.
4. Indication:  IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. These indications includes idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Kawasaki disease, hypogammaglobulinemia, B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, bone marrow transplant complications, Guillain-Barré syndrome, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, myesthenia gravis, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and inflammatory skin diseases.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Albiglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Albiglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is marketed under the brands Eperzan and Tanzeum by GSK (GlaxoSmithKline). It is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4-resistant glucagon-like peptide-1 dimer fused to human albumin. Albiglutide was approved on April 15, 2014 by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Methadone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic opioid that is used as the hydrochloride. It is an opioid analgesic that is primarily a mu-opioid agonist. It has actions and uses similar to those of morphine. It also has a depressant action on the cough center and may be given to control intractable cough associated with terminal lung cancer. Methadone is also used as part of the treatment of dependence on opioid drugs, although prolonged use of methadone itself may result in dependence. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1082-3).In Australia methadone is a Schedule 8 (controlled) drug.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dry cough, drug withdrawal syndrome, opioid type drug dependence, and pain.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ozanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozanezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ergocalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) is a derivative of ergosterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from cholecalciferol in having a double bond between C22 and C23 and a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For use in the management of hypocalcemia and its clinical manifestations in patients with hypoparathyroidism, as well as for the treatment of familial hypophosphatemia (vitamin D resistant rickets). This drug has also been used in the treatment of nutritional rickets or osteomalacia, vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Zosuquidar
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Zosuquidar is a compound of antineoplastic drug candidates currently under development. It is now in "Phase 3" of clinical tests in the United States. Its action mechanism consists of the inhibition of P-glycoproteins; other drugs with this mechanism include tariquidar and laniquidar.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid) and myelodysplastic syndrome.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Copper
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [5].
4. Indication:  For use in the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition and in contraception with intrauterine devices [FDA Label] [5].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Foretinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Foretinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Cancer, Carcinoma, Renal Cell, Recurrent Breast Cancer, and Neoplasms, Head and Neck, among others. Foretinib is an orally available small molecule compound designed to target multiple RTKs implicated in the development, progression and spread of cancer. It inhibits the activation of MET, RON, ERK and AKT, decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Rotigotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998, Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights for rotigotine to the German pharmaceutical company Schwarz Pharma (today a subsidiary of the Belgian company UCB S.A.). The drug has been approved by the EMEA for use in Europe in 2006 and is today being sold in several European countries. In 2007, the Neupro patch was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first transdermal treatment of Parkinson's disease in the United States. However, as of 2008, Schwarz Pharma has recalled all Neupro patches in the United States and some in Europe because of problems with the delivery mechanism. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in neurologic disorders and parkinson's disease as well as moderate-to-severe primary Restless Legs Syndrome.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2a, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon a (human leukocyte protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with lysine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent. An oral form is being developed by Amarillo Biosciences.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, hairy cell leukemia, AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma, and chronic myelogenous leukemia. Also for the treatment of oral warts arising from HIV infection.
