DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Benzalkonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzalkonium is a quaternary ammonium compound used as a biocide, a cationic surfactant, and as a phase transfer agent [FDA Label]. Benzalkonium is more commonly contained in consumer products in its salt form, benzalkonium chloride [FDA Label]. This salt is used in a great variety of international pharmaceutical products such as eye, ear, and nasal drops or sprays as an excipient ingredient serving as an antimicrobial preservative [FDA Label]. When used as an ingredient in antiseptic and disinfectant products however, it is an active antimicrobial agent [2].
4. Indication:  When used as an active ingredient in products like antibacterial, antiseptic, or disinfectant soaps, topical sanitizers, or cleaning agents, benzalkonium is primarily implemented in its salt form, benzalkonium chloride, where it may often be the only active ingredient present and indicated for the primary purpose of topical washing to decrease bacteria on skin [2].Conversely, when implemented as an excipient ingredient in a variety of multidose aqueous nose, eye, or ear products, benzalkonium chloride is being used as the antimicrobial preservative of choice to facilitate effective bactericidal and fungicidal actions to help minimize the growth of unwanted organisms in the multidose containers [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chloroxylenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloroxylenol, also known as para-chloro-meta-xylenol (PCMX), is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent used for skin disinfection and cleaning surgical instruments. It is also commonly used in antibacterial soaps, wound-cleansing applications and household antiseptics. The halophenol is shown to be most effective against Gram positive bacteria where it disrupts the cell wall due to its phenolic nature [1]. Chloroxylenol is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
4. Indication:  The predominant medical applications for which chloroxylenol is formally indicated for therapeutic use is as an application to the skin for use in cuts, bites, stings, abrasions, and for use as antiseptic hand cleaner [7].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Thymol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenol obtained from thyme oil or other volatile oils. It is used as a stabilizer in pharmaceutic preparations. It has been used for its antiseptic, antibacterial, and antifungal actions, and was formerly used as a vermifuge. (Dorland, 28th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tolnaftate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.
4. Indication:  Tolnaftate topical is used to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, and ringworm infections. Tolnaftate is also used, along with other antifungals, to treat infections of the nails, scalp, palms, and soles of the feet. The powder and powder aerosol may be used to prevent athlete's foot.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Benzethonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzethonium is a synthetic quaternary ammonium salt with surfactant, antiseptic, and broad spectrum antimicrobial properties. Its salt form, benzethonium chloride, is primarily used as a skin disinfectant at concentrations of 0.1-0.2 %, which are safe and effective concentrations for the compound specified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). It is additionally found in cosmetics and toiletries such as mouthwashes and anti-itch ointments. It is shown to be effective in mediating its antimicrobial action against bacteria, fungi, mold and viruses. There is evidence that benzethonium acts as a spermatocide but may cause vaginal irritation [2]. Benzethonium was identified as a novel cancer-specific compound by cell-based small-molecule screen [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as an antiseptic agent. No therapeutic indications for clinical use. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Telbermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telbermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Foot Ulcer, Diabetic, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eucalyptol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Eucalyptol is a natural organic compound which is a colorless liquid. It is a cyclic ether and a monoterpenoid. Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant. It controls airway mucus hypersecretion and asthma via anti-inflammatory cytokine inhibition. Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Undecylenate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Undecylenate, or undecylenic acid, is an unsaturated fatty acid with a terminal double bond that is derived from castor oil. Undecylenic acid is also found naturally in the human sweat. It is used as a precursor in the manufacture of aromatic chemicals, polymers or modified silicones [6]. Undecylenic acid was first isolated from the products of distillation of castor oil in 1877 via pyrolysis of ricinoleic acid, and has been polymerized for vinyl production [1]. It it suggested that many organic fatty acids exert fungicidal or fungistatic actions. Undecylenic acid also possesses antifungal properties, but is never used on its own for antifungal purposes. Salts of undecylenate are found in topical over-the-counter or mixture products as antifungal agents. Zinc undecylenate is an example of a topical antifungal agent that treats skin infections such as athlete’s foot and relieves itching, burning, and irritation associated with the skin condition. Due to its bifunctional properties, undecylenate is also used as a linking molecule to conjugate other biomolecules such as proteins. It serves as an acid moiety for anabolic steroid boldenone.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of fungal infections as a salt form. No therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methyl salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. The compound was first extracted and isolated from plant species Gaultheria procumbens in 1843. It is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in liniments. It forms a colorless to yellow or reddish liquid and exhibits a characteristic odor and taste of wintergreen. For acute joint and muscular pain, methyl salicylate is used as a rubefacient and analgesic in deep heating liniments. It is used as a flavoring agent in chewing gums and mints in small concentrations and added as antiseptic in mouthwash solutions.
4. Indication:  Ointments or liniments containing methyl salicylate are applied topically as counter irritant for relief of acute pain associated with lumbago,sciatica and rheumatic conditions. Local analgesics for human and veterinary medicine.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bronopol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitrosating reagent for diethanolamine. Bronopol is approved for use in OTC products in Canada.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  C11-12 isoparaffin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  C11-12 isoparaffin is a mixture of branched chain hydrocarbons with 11C or 12C's in the alkyl chain. It is found in cosmetic and personal care products as solvents or skin conditioning agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Aclerastide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aclerastide has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Foot, Diabetic Foot Ulcers, and Foot Ulcer, Diabetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dopamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the catecholamine neurotransmitters in the brain. It is derived from tyrosine and is the precursor to norepinephrine and epinephrine. Dopamine is a major transmitter in the extrapyramidal system of the brain, and important in regulating movement. A family of receptors (receptors, dopamine) mediate its action.
4. Indication:  For the correction of hemodynamic imbalances present in the shock syndrome due to myocardial infarction, trauma, endotoxic septicemia, open-heart surgery, renal failure, and chronic cardiac decompensation as in congestive failure
