DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Talnetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talnetant (SB-223,412) is a neurokinin 3 receptor antagonist developed by GlaxoSmithKline, which is being researched for several different functions, primarily for irritable bowel syndrome and as a potential antipsychotic drug for the treatment of schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ADC4022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Enoxaparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin. Enoxaparin is used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa. Factor Xa catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, so enoxaparin's inhibition of this process results in decreased thrombin and ultimately the prevention of fibrin clot formation. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, and also for the prophylaxis of ischemic complications of unstable angina and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, when concurrently administered with aspirin.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  NCX 950
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 950, beta2-adrenoceptor agonists is widely used in the treatment of pulmonary diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  MLN-977
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN-977 is a small molecule compound that inhibits the production of leukotrienes, especially 5-lipoxygenase. It is developed by PharmaEngine to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tolazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanisms of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary artery anomalies
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Monteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monteplase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Embolism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nortriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the N-demethylated active metabolite of amitriptyline, is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, nortriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, nortriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Compared to other TCAs, nortriptyline is less toxic and displays less drug interactions [6]. As a more selective noadrenaline reuptake inhibitor, nortriptyline is less likely associated with the hypertensive ‘cheese reaction' [6]. Nortriptyline exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Apart from its indication to treat depression, nortriptyline has been investigated in chronic neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), fibromyalgia [4], irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use) [5], post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Primarily indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Conivaptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Conivaptan is a non-peptide inhibitor of antidiuretic hormone (vasopressin). It was approved in 2004 for hyponatremia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). Conivaptan inhibits both isotypes of the vasopressin receptor (V1a and V2).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia (e.g. the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone, or in the setting of hypothyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, pulmonary disorders, etc.) in hospitalized patients.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
