DrugId:  1
1. Name:  D-JNKI-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hearing loss.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vatiquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatiquinone has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Neramexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neramexane is a low-to-moderate affinity uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, hearing loss, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nicotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nicotine is highly toxic alkaloid. It is the prototypical agonist at nicotinic cholinergic receptors where it dramatically stimulates neurons and ultimately blocks synaptic transmission. Nicotine is also important medically because of its presence in tobacco smoke.
4. Indication:  For the relief of nicotine withdrawal symptoms and as an aid to smoking cessation.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PF-04958242
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-04958242 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Schizophrenia and Hearing Loss, Sensorineural.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Streptomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the soil actinomycete Streptomyces griseus. It acts by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of susceptible organisms and disrupting the initiation and elongation steps in protein synthesis. It is bactericidal due to effects that are not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of tuberculosis. May also be used in combination with other drugs to treat tularemia (Francisella tularensis), plague (Yersia pestis), severe M. avium complex, brucellosis, and enterococcal endocarditis (e.g. E. faecalis, E. faecium).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Kanamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: E. coli, Proteus species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens, and Acinetobacter species.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  prGCD
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GCD represents the combination treatment of gemcitabine, carboplatin, and dexamethasone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and neurologic disorders.
