DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  DG051
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dexanabinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ivabradine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure. Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.
4. Indication:  Ivabradine's indication by the FDA is to reduce the risk of hospitalization for worsening heart failure in patients with stable, symptomatic chronic heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%, who are in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute and either are on maximally tolerated doses of beta-blockers or have a contraindication to beta-blocker use. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  DG031
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG031, deCODE genetics's lead compound, is being developed for the prevention of myocardial infarction, or heart attack.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alferminogene Tadenovec
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alferminogene Tadenovec is Cardium’s lead product candidate, is being developed for the potential treatment of myocardial ischemia that gives rise to angina symptoms associated with coronary heart disease. Alferminogene tadenovec represents a new therapeutic class of biologics designed to promote angiogenesis and thereby improve blood flow following a one-time intracoronary administration from a standard cardiac infusion catheter.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angina, coronary artery disease, and heart disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Glial growth factor 2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glial growth factor 2 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Inclacumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Inclacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Myocardial Infarction, Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD), and Coronary Heart Disease, Graft Occlusion, Vascular.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Betaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  rGLP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rGLP-1 is a continuous infusion of glucagon-like peptide 1, or GLP-1, targeted for the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF) in patients ineligible for transplant. GLP-1 is a naturally occurring hormone produced in the intestines in response to food intake.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure and diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Darusentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Darusentan is a selective endothelin ETA receptor antagonist. It is being evaluated as a treatment for congestive heart failure and hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congestive heart failure and hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Urocortin-2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Urocortin 2 has been investigated for the basic science of Heart Failure and Cardiovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Rolofylline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rolofylline is under clinical development by pharmaceutical company NovaCardia for the treatment of congestive heart failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitrite is under investigation for the treatment of Heart Failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Calcitonin gene-related peptide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A 37-amino acid peptide derived from the calcitonin gene. It occurs as a result of alternative processing of mRNA from the calcitonin gene. The neuropeptide is widely distributed in the brain, gut, perivascular nerves, and other tissue. The peptide produces multiple biological effects and has both circulatory and neurotransmitter modes of action. In particular, it is a potent endogenous vasodilator.As a potential drug, it has demonstrated in preclinical studies a profile that could make it an ideal anti-asthmatic drug candidate with bronchodilatory, bronchoprotecting and anti-inflammatory properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction, heart disease, and asthma.
