DrugId:  1
1. Name:  D-JNKI-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hearing loss.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vatiquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatiquinone has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Neramexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neramexane is a low-to-moderate affinity uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, hearing loss, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PF-04958242
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-04958242 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Schizophrenia and Hearing Loss, Sensorineural.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Streptomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the soil actinomycete Streptomyces griseus. It acts by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of susceptible organisms and disrupting the initiation and elongation steps in protein synthesis. It is bactericidal due to effects that are not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of tuberculosis. May also be used in combination with other drugs to treat tularemia (Francisella tularensis), plague (Yersia pestis), severe M. avium complex, brucellosis, and enterococcal endocarditis (e.g. E. faecalis, E. faecium).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Kanamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: E. coli, Proteus species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens, and Acinetobacter species.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Vancomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial obtained from Streptomyces orientalis. It is a glycopeptide related to ristocetin that inhibits bacterial cell wall assembly and is toxic to kidneys and the inner ear.As of January 29 2018, CutisPharma's Firvanq is the only FDA approved vancomycin oral liquid treatment option available for the the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [LP1196]. Such an oral liquid formulation is expected to make Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea therapy more accessible in comparison to previously available specialty compounding products [LP1196].
4. Indication:  A variety of dosage forms (for example, oral, injections, etc.) exist for the treatment of serious or severe infections caused by susceptible strains of methicillin-resistant (beta-lactam-resistant) staphylococci [FDA Label].Additionally, a unique FDA approved oral liquid treatment is also available and indicated for the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [9].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ethotoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethotoin is a hydantoin derivative and anticonvulsant. Ethotoin exerts an antiepileptic effect without causing general central nervous system depression. The mechanism of action is probably very similar to that of phenytoin. The latter drug appears to stabilize rather than to raise the normal seizure threshold, and to prevent the spread of seizure activity rather than to abolish the primary focus of seizure discharges. Ethotoin is no longer commonly used. 
4. Indication:  For the control of tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor) seizures.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Methaqualone
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Methaqualone is a sedative-hypnotic drug that is similar in effect to barbiturates, a general central nervous system depressant. The sedative-hypnotic activity was first noted by Indian researchers in the 1950s and in 1962 methaqualone itself was patented in the US by Wallace and Tiernan. Its use peaked in the early 1970s as a hypnotic, for the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant. It has also been used illegally as a recreational drug, commonly known as Quaaludes, Sopors, Ludes or Mandrax (particularly in the 1970s in North America) depending on the manufacturer. Since at least 2001, it has been widely used in South Africa, where it is commonly referred to as "smarties" or "geluk-tablette" (meaning happy tablets). Clandestinely produced methaqualone is still seized by government agencies and police forces around the world. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  SGS-742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), memory loss, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methohexital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An intravenous anesthetic with a short duration of action that may be used for induction of anesthesia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Methohexital is indicated for use as an intravenous anaesthetic. It has also been commonly used to induce deep sedation.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tacrine
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centerally active cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to counter the effects of muscle relaxants, as a respiratory stimulant, and in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system disorders. Tacrine has been discontinued for the United States market.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Phendimetrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Phendimetrazine is a weight loss medication. Phendimetrazine is chemically related to amphetamines and is a Schedule III drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances. In the United States, phendimetrazine is a Schedule III controlled substance under the Uniform Controlled Substances Act of 1970.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of exogenous obesity as a short term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Physostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of glaucoma, and in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tenoxicam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tenoxicam, an antiinflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties, is used to treat osteoarthritis and control acute pain.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, backache, and pain.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dronabinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A psychoactive compound extracted from the resin of Cannabis sativa (marihuana, hashish). The isomer delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is considered the most active form, producing characteristic mood and perceptual changes associated with this compound. Dronabinol is a synthetic form of delta-9-THC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia associated with weight loss in patients with AIDS, and nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Butethal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Butethal is a sedative and a hypnotic drug.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia.
