DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mesenchymal Stem Cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) from healthy donors improve cardiac function in experimental acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models. Osiris' stem cells are derived from human bone marrow. The source marrow is voluntarily donated by healthy adults between the ages of 18 and 30 years. Blood samples from the donor are screened prior to donation for transmissible diseases, including HIV and hepatitis, and the medical and social history of each donor is obtained to ascertain whether signs, symptoms or behaviors consistent with high risk for carrying a disease are present.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  BMS-394136
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BMS-394136 has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Heart Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PZ-128
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PZ-128 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Heart Diseases, Coronary Disease, Arteriosclerosis, Vascular Diseases, and Myocardial Ischemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trapidil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trapidil, a platelet-derived growth factor antagonist, was originally developed as a vasodilator and anti-platelet agent and has been used to treat patients with ischemic coronary heart, liver, and kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of chronic stable angina [8].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dilmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}
4. Indication:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Perflubutane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Perflubutane has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Liver Mass, Liver Diseases, Liver Metastasis, Portal Hypertension, and Peripheral Artery Disease. It is a cardiovascular drug designed to enable ultrasound to compete more effectively with nuclear stress testing; currently the leading procedure for detecting coronary heart disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate is the nitrate ester of pentaerythritol with explosive properties. When mixed with a plasticizer, Pentaerythritol Tetranitrate forms a plastic explosive. It is recognized by the FDA to be a coronary vasodilator in the treatment of heart conditions such as angina.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Molsidomine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molsidomine is an orally active, long-acting vasodilator, which belongs to the class of medications known as syndnones.Interestingly, it is being studied as being a preventive measure in cerebral infarction [1].
4. Indication:  The indications for use of molsidomine include ischemic heart disease, angina, chronic heart failure, and pulmonary hypertension [9, 10].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Milrinone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A positive inotropic cardiotonic agent with vasodilator properties. It inhibits cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in myocardium and vascular smooth muscle. Milrinone is a derivative of amrinone and has 20-30 times the ionotropic potency of amrinone. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pirbuterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic bronchodilator. In vitro studies and in vivo pharmacologic studies have demonstrated that pirbuterol has a preferential effect on beta-2 Adrenergic receptors compared with isoproterenol. While it is recognized that beta-2 adrenergic receptors are the predominant receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, data indicate that there is a population of beta-2 receptors in the human heart, existing in a concentration between 10-50%. The precise function of these receptors has not been established.The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including pirbuterol, are at least in proof attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (AlP) to cyclic-3† ,5†-adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible bronchospasm including asthma.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Procaterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A long-acting beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a potent bronchodilator that may be administered orally or by aerosol inhalation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Temocapril
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Temocapril is a prodrug-type angiotensin-I converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor not approved for use in the United States, but is approved in Japan and South Korea. Temocapril can also be used in hemodialysis patients without risk of serious accumulation. 
4. Indication:  Temocapril is an ACE inhibitor primarily indicated in the treatment of hypertension and congestive heart failure, diabetic nephropathy, and improvement of prognosis for coronary artery diseases (including acute myocardial infarction). 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  LJP 1082
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, strokes, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
