DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Betaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Penbutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Penbutolol is a drug in the beta-blocker class used to treat hypertension. Penbutolol binds both beta-1 and beta-2 adrenergic receptors, rendering it a non-selective beta-blocker. Penbutolol can act as a partial agonist at beta adrenergic receptors, since it is a sympathomimetric drug. Penbutolol also demonstrates high binding affinity to the 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 1A with antagonistic effects. This binding characteristic of penbutolol is being investigated for its implications in Antidepressant Therapy. Penbutolol is contraindicated in patients with cardiogenic shock, sinus bradycardia, second and third degree atrioventricular conduction block, bronchial asthma, and those with known hypersensitivity.
4. Indication:  Penbutolol is indicated in the treatment of mild to moderate arterial hypertension. It may be used alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents, especially thiazide-type diuretics.Penbutolol is contraindicated in patients with cardiogenic shock, sinus bradycardia, second and third degree atrioventricular conduction block, bronchial asthma, and those with known hypersensitivity.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acetyldigitoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cardioactive derivative of lanatoside A or of digitoxin used for fast digitalization in congestive heart failure.
4. Indication:  Used for fast digitalization in congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bisoprolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoprolol is a cardioselective β1-adrenergic blocking agent used for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction (MI), heart failure, angina pectoris and mild to moderate hypertension. Bisoprolol is structurally similar to metoprolol, acebutolol and atenolol in that it has two substituents in the para position of the benzene ring. The β1-selectivity of these agents is thought to be due in part to the large substituents in the para position. At lower doses (less than 20 mg daily), bisoprolol selectively blocks cardiac β1-adrenergic receptors with little activity against β2-adrenergic receptors of the lungs and vascular smooth muscle. Receptor selectivity decreases with daily doses of 20 mg or greater. Unlike propranolol and pindolol, bisoprolol does not exhibit membrane-stabilizing or sympathomimetic activity. Bisoprolol possesses a single chiral centre and is administered as a racemic mixture. Only l-bisoprolol exhibits significant β-blocking activity.
4. Indication:  For management of heart failure, angina pectoris, and mild to moderate hypertension and for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction (MI). 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ajmaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. Ajmaline produces potent sodium channel blocking effects and a very short half-life which makes it a very useful drug for acute intravenous treatments. The drug has been very popular in some countries for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with the Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome and in well tolerated monomorphic ventricular tachycardias. It has also been used for many years as a drug to challenge the conduction system of the heart in cases of bundle branch block and syncope. In these cases, abnormal prolongation of the HV interval has been taken as a proof for infrahisian conduction defects tributary for permanent pacemaker implantation.
4. Indication:  For use as an antiarrhythmic agent.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Acebutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension and ventricular premature beats in adults.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nebivolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nebivolol is a highly cardioselective vasodilatory beta1 receptor blocker used in treatment of hypertension. In most countries, this medication is available only by prescription. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Deslanoside
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deacetyllanatoside C. A cardiotonic glycoside from the leaves of Digitalis lanata. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of Congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Oxyphencyclimine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxyphencyclimine is an anticholinergic drug (trade name Daricon) used in treating peptic ulcers.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and the relief of smooth muscle spasms in gastrointestinal disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tridihexethyl
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tridihexethyl is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. Tridihexethyl is an antimuscarinic, anticholinergic drug. Tridihexethyl is no longer available in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct in the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and in Acquired nystagmus
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Digoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Esmolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Esmolol (trade name Brevibloc) is a cardioselective beta1 receptor blocker with rapid onset, a very short duration of action, and no significant intrinsic sympathomimetic or membrane stabilizing activity at therapeutic dosages.Esmolol decreases the force and rate of heart contractions by blocking beta-adrenergic receptors of the sympathetic nervous system, which are found in the heart and other organs of the body. Esmolol prevents the action of two naturally occurring substances: epinephrine and norepinephrine.
4. Indication:  For the rapid control of ventricular rate in patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter in perioperative, postoperative, or other emergent circumstances where short term control of ventricular rate with a short-acting agent is desirable. Also used in noncompensatory sinus tachycardia where the rapid heart rate requires specific intervention.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ergoloid mesylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ergoloid mesylate is a dihydrogenated ergot (Claviceps purpurea) derivative alkaloid used as a vasodilator agent. Ergoloid Mesylate is the only vasodilator that has shown mild benefits in the treatment of vascular dementia. Ergoloid Mesylate is a mixture of three different ergotamantriones: dihydroergocornine, dihydroergocristine, and dihydroergocryptine. It has been proposed to be a neuroprotective agent. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not clear.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct therapy for patients with dementia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Trichlormethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bumetanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sulfamyl diuretic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease including the nephrotic syndrome.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Timolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist similar in action to propranolol. The levo-isomer is the more active. Timolol has been proposed as an antihypertensive, antiarrhythmic, antiangina, and antiglaucoma agent. It is also used in the treatment of migraine disorders and tremor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In its oral form it is used to treat high blood pressure and prevent heart attacks, and occasionally to prevent migraine headaches. In its opthalmic form it is used to treat open-angle and occasionally secondary glaucoma.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Atenolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic blocker possessing properties and potency similar to propranolol, but without a negative inotropic effect.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertention and long-term management of patients with angina pectoris
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Methyclothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p825)
4. Indication:  For use in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension. Also used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy.
