DrugId:  1
1. Name:  D-JNKI-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic, cell permeable peptide that blocks the MAPK-JNK signal pathway; has potential therapeutic value for long-term protection of both the morphological integrity and physiological function of the organ of Corti during times of oxidative stress.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hearing loss.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Neramexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neramexane is a low-to-moderate affinity uncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, hearing loss, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Vatiquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatiquinone has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PF-04958242
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-04958242 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Schizophrenia and Hearing Loss, Sensorineural.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Streptomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic produced by the soil actinomycete Streptomyces griseus. It acts by binding to the 30S ribosomal subunit of susceptible organisms and disrupting the initiation and elongation steps in protein synthesis. It is bactericidal due to effects that are not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of tuberculosis. May also be used in combination with other drugs to treat tularemia (Francisella tularensis), plague (Yersia pestis), severe M. avium complex, brucellosis, and enterococcal endocarditis (e.g. E. faecalis, E. faecium).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Kanamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: E. coli, Proteus species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens, and Acinetobacter species.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  VLTS-589
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VLTS-589 consists of plasmid encoding the angiomatrix protein Del-1 in conjunction with poloxamer 188 for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Voretigene Neparvovec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[6] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[1] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of rep and cap and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[2] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[7]
4. Indication:  VN-rzyl is indicated for the treatment of children and adult patients with confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutation-associated retinal dystrophy. The administration of VN-rzyl is conditioned to the physician determination of the presence of viable retinal cells.[FDA Label] The RPE65 represents the LCA2 form of the Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA). LCA is a group of inherited conditionts that involves retinal degeneration and severe vision loss in early childhood leading to total blindness by 30-40 years old. The LCA2 form is associated with a mutation that interferes with the isomerohydrolase activity of the retinal pigment epithelium. The isomerohydrolase activity transforms the trans-retinyl esters to 11-cis-retinal which is the natural ligand and chromophore of the opsins of rod and cones photoreceptors. In the presence of RPE65 mutations, the opsins cannot capture light or transduce it into electrical responses to initiate vision.[3]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Vancomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial obtained from Streptomyces orientalis. It is a glycopeptide related to ristocetin that inhibits bacterial cell wall assembly and is toxic to kidneys and the inner ear.As of January 29 2018, CutisPharma's Firvanq is the only FDA approved vancomycin oral liquid treatment option available for the the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [LP1196]. Such an oral liquid formulation is expected to make Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea therapy more accessible in comparison to previously available specialty compounding products [LP1196].
4. Indication:  A variety of dosage forms (for example, oral, injections, etc.) exist for the treatment of serious or severe infections caused by susceptible strains of methicillin-resistant (beta-lactam-resistant) staphylococci [FDA Label].Additionally, a unique FDA approved oral liquid treatment is also available and indicated for the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [9].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Neomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). Neomycin is a bactericidal aminoglycoside antibiotic that binds to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and acceptor tRNA sites and results in the production of non-functional or toxic peptides.
4. Indication:  Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC). 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Alcaftadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alcaftadine is a H1 histamine receptor antagonist indicated for the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis. This drug was approved in July 2010.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CHF 4227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pine needle oil (pinus mugo)
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Pine needle oil is obtained from the needles of Pinus mugo tree via steam distillation. Major components of pine needle oil (pinus mugo) include α-Pinene, β-pinene, δ-3-carene, limonene, β-phellandrene, (E)-caryophyllene, and germacrene D. It is present in aromatherapeutic agents as a massage oil or fragrance and may also be used as a disinfectant, lubricant, sanitizer, antimicrobial, insecticide and organic herbicide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  M0002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M0002 is an orally-active selective vasopressin antagonist that inhibits water re-absorption from the kidneys. It is a vasopressin 2 antagonist and represents a new class of compounds – aquaretics – that produce profound diuresis without loss of electrolytes. It will be of major benefit to those patients not responding satisfactorily to diuretics alone.
4. Indication:  Vasopressin regulates renal water resorption through the V2 receptor. Inhibition of vasopressin’s effects on V2 receptors enhances water excretion and increases urinary output. M0002 is a Vasopressin 2 antagonis. It is an electrolyte-sparing aquaretic and causes much lower levels of salt excretion. 
