DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Liothyronine I-131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liothyronine I-131 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tricuspid Atresia and Heart Defects, Congenital.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Alprostadil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alprostadil is produced endogenously and causes vasodilation by means of a direct effect on vascular and ductus arteriosus (DA) smooth muscle, preventing or reversing the functional closure of the DA that occurs shortly after birth. This results in increased pulmonary or systemic blood flow in infants. In infants, it is used for palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. In adults, it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
4. Indication:  For palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. Also for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ajmaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. Ajmaline produces potent sodium channel blocking effects and a very short half-life which makes it a very useful drug for acute intravenous treatments. The drug has been very popular in some countries for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with the Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome and in well tolerated monomorphic ventricular tachycardias. It has also been used for many years as a drug to challenge the conduction system of the heart in cases of bundle branch block and syncope. In these cases, abnormal prolongation of the HV interval has been taken as a proof for infrahisian conduction defects tributary for permanent pacemaker implantation.
4. Indication:  For use as an antiarrhythmic agent.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acebutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension and ventricular premature beats in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vandetanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vandetanib is an oral once-daily kinase inhibitor of tumour angiogenesis and tumour cell proliferation with the potential for use in a broad range of tumour types.On April 6 2011, vandetanib was approved by the FDA to treat nonresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic medullary thyroid cancer in adult patients.
4. Indication:  Vandetanib is currently approved as an alternative to local therapies for both unresectable and disseminated disease. Because Vandetanib can prolong the Q-T interval, it is contraindicated for use in patients with serious cardiac complications such as congenital long QT syndrome and uncompensated heart failure. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Barbexaclone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital. While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties. These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials. Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.
4. Indication:  Created for the treatment for epilepsy, with the intent of creating an antiepileptic with less sedative properties than phenobarbital. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vatreptacog alfa
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatreptacog Alfa (Activated) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia B, Haemophilia A, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia A With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia B With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  PA-1050040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PA1050040, a second generation HIV-1 maturation inhibitor, is a chemical analog of Bevirimat (BVM). It inhibits virus replication by the same mechanism of action as BVM.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi (commonly sestamibi) is a pharmaceutical agent used in nuclear medicine imaging. The drug is a coordination complex consisting of the radioisotope technetium-99m bound to six (sesta=6) methoxyisobutylisonitrile (MIBI) ligands. Following intravenous injection of the drug, Technetium Tc-99m sestamibi is taken up by the myocardium, parathyroid, and/or breast tissue. The mechanism by which sestamibi localizes to these tissues has not been established. Single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is then performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.Currently available within a preparation kit for injection, Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Sestamibi is indicated for: 1) detecting coronary artery disease by localizing myocardial ischemia (reversible defects) and infarction (non-reversible defects); and 2) evaluating myocardial function and developing information for use in patient management decisions.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Omigapil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omigapil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  KAI-1455
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ischemic reperfusion injury.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  DG031
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG031, deCODE genetics's lead compound, is being developed for the prevention of myocardial infarction, or heart attack.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in heart disease and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ivabradine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure. Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.
4. Indication:  Ivabradine's indication by the FDA is to reduce the risk of hospitalization for worsening heart failure in patients with stable, symptomatic chronic heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%, who are in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute and either are on maximally tolerated doses of beta-blockers or have a contraindication to beta-blocker use. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  DG051
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
