DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AG-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AG-702 is a recombinant human heat shock protein also known as stress protein. It is also known as HSPs, which are a group of proteins that are induced when a cell undergoes various types of environmental stresses like heat, cold and oxygen deprivation. HSPs are present in all cells in all life forms from bacteria to mammals, and their structure and function are similar across these diverse life forms. This drug is developed by antigenics for the treatment of genital herpes infection and is under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Elesclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elesclomol is a novel, injectable, drug candidate that kills cancer cells by elevating oxidative stress levels beyond a breaking point, triggering programmed cell death. In preclinical models elesclomol showed potent killing of a broad range of cancer cell types at high doses, and an ability to strongly enhance the efficacy of certain chemotherapy agents, with minimal additional toxicity, at moderate doses. It is being developed by Synta Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CHGN111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Apadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Apadenoson is a selective A2a adenosine receptor agonist designed for use as a pharmacologic stress agent in cardiac perfusion imaging studies. It is developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and is in phase II of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fluasterone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, hyperlipidemia, metabolic disease, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and obesity.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Arimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arimoclomol is an experimental drug compound developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California. The orally administered drug is intended to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a neurodegenerative disease with no effective treatment.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), diabetes mellitus type 2, neurologic disorders, and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AZX-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in scar tissue.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chili pepper
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chili pepper allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Duloxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Duloxetine (brand names Cymbalta, Yentreve, and in parts of Europe, Xeristar or Ariclaim) is a drug which primarily targets major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy and in some countries stress urinary incontinence (SUI). It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.Duloxetine has not yet been FDA approved for stress urinary incontinence or for fibromyalgia.Duloxetine is a selective SNRI (selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor). Duloxetine is a systemic drug therapy which affects the body as a whole. Known also under the code name LY248686, it is a potent dual reuptake inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE), possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE- and 5-HT transporter sites. It is a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Asenapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Developed by Schering-Plough after its merger with Organon International, asenapine is a sublingually administered, atypical antipsychotic for treatment of schizophrenia and acute mania associated with bipolar disorder. Asenapine also belongs to the dibenzo-oxepino pyrrole class. It is also for severe post-traumatic stress disorder nightmares in soldiers as an off-label use. FDA approved on August 13, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Used for treatment in psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, manic disorders, and bipolar disorders as monotherapy or in combination.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Methyl-D9-choline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Methyl-D9-choline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01807910 (ER Stress in NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  AV608
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  QR-333
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-333 has been investigated as a treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. QR-333 is a concentrated and standardized nutrient based active compounds dosed in a topical cream designed to reduce oxidative stress and treat symptoms of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, a nerve disorder that can lead to numbness, skin ulcers, constant pain or extreme sensitivity to a stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Capsaicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Capsaicin is most often used as a topical analgesic and exists in many formulations of cream, liquid, and patch preparations of various strengths; however, it may also be found in some dietary supplements. Capsaicin is a naturally-occurring botanical irritant in chili peppers, synthetically derived for pharmaceutical formulations. The most recent capsaicin FDA approval was Qutenza, an 8% capsaicin patch dermal-delivery system, indicated for neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia.
4. Indication:  The capsaicin 8% patch is indicated in the treatment of neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia. There are multiple topical capsaicin formulations available, including creams and solutions, indicated for temporary analgesia in muscle and join pain as well as neuropathic pain. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Paroxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paroxetine hydrochloride and paroxetine mesylate belong to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ⍺- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects). Side effects generally occur during the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Paroxetine hydrochloride and mesylate are considered therapeutic alternatives rather than generic equivalents by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA); both agents contain the same active moiety (i.e. paroxetine), but are formulated as different salt forms. Clinical studies establishing the efficacy of paroxetine in various conditions were performed using paroxetine hydrochloride. Since both agents contain the same active moiety, the clinical efficacy of both agents is thought to be similar. Paroxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Paroxetine has the most evidence supporting its use for anxiety-related disorders of the SSRIs. It has the greatest anticholinergic activity of the agents in this class and compared to other SSRIs, paroxetine may cause greater weight gain, sexual dysfunction, sedation and constipation.
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Fluocinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A topical glucocorticoid used in the treatment of eczema. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A topical anti-inflammatory product for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Agmatine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Agmantine is a natural metabolite of the amino acid arginine. It is formed when arginine is decarboxylated by the enzyme arginine decarboxylase and is found naturally in ragweed pollen, ergot fungi, octopus muscle, herring sperm, sponges, and the mammalian brain. Agmatine is both an experimental and investigational drug. As an investigational drug, it is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy between the ages of 18 to 75 years. Up to now (July 2013), the results of this study have not yet been published. As an experimental drug, agmatine is being studied for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). The exact mechanism of action is still being investigated for all of the potential indications of agmatine.
4. Indication:  Agmatine is being studied experimentally for several indications such as cardioprotection, diabetes, decreased kidney function, neuroprotection (stroke, severe CNS injuries, epilepsy, glaucoma, and neuropathic pain), and psychiatric conditions (depression, anxiety, schizophrenia, and cognition). As an investigational drug, agamatine is being studied in a non-blinded prospective case study in the United States looking at patients who have been diagnosed with small fiber peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  1,3-Butanediol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
