DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Oxyphenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of atropine. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of visceral spasms
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Chlormezanone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasm.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cyclobenzaprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant and a central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Cyclobenzaprine acts on the locus coeruleus where it results in increased norepinephrine release, potentially through the gamma fibers which innervate and inhibit the alpha motor neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. It is structurally similar to Amitriptyline, differing by only one double bond.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Papaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bitolterol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bitolterol mesylate is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and COPD. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to dilate air passages in the lungs that have become narrowed as a result of disease or inflammation. It is used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dicyclomine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic and in urinary incontinence. It has little effect on glandular secretion or the cardiovascular system. It does have some local anesthetic properties and is used in gastrointestinal, biliary, and urinary tract spasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of functional bowel/irritable bowel syndromeincluding Colicky abdominal pain; diverticulitis
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Orphenadrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to treat drug-induced parkinsonism and to relieve pain from muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pilocarpine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of radiation-induced dry mouth (xerostomia) and symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögrens syndrome.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Propantheline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis. It has also been used for hyperhidrosis, and cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines or bladder.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nilvadipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB) for treatment of hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina and hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Methocarbamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant whose mode of action has not been established. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1206)
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Carisoprodol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant whose mechanism of action is not completely understood but may be related to its sedative actions. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute, painful, musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Demecarium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dopamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the catecholamine neurotransmitters in the brain. It is derived from tyrosine and is the precursor to norepinephrine and epinephrine. Dopamine is a major transmitter in the extrapyramidal system of the brain, and important in regulating movement. A family of receptors (receptors, dopamine) mediate its action.
4. Indication:  For the correction of hemodynamic imbalances present in the shock syndrome due to myocardial infarction, trauma, endotoxic septicemia, open-heart surgery, renal failure, and chronic cardiac decompensation as in congestive failure
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pethidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic that can be used for the relief of most types of moderate to severe pain, including postoperative pain and the pain of labor. Prolonged use may lead to dependence of the morphine type; withdrawal symptoms appear more rapidly than with morphine and are of shorter duration.
4. Indication:  Used to control moderate to severe pain.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Soybean oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Derived from soybeans, soybean oil is a common vegetable oil and a source of polyunsaturated and saturated fatty acids. It is a complex mixture of triglycerides where per 100 g, soybean oil has 16 g of saturated fat, 23 g of monounsaturated fat, and 58 g of polyunsaturated fat. The major component fatty acids are linoleic (48% - 58%), oleic (17% - 30%), palmitic (9% -13%), linolenic (4% - 11%), and stearic (2.5% - 5.0%). It is used as a cooking oil and lipid emulsion for parenteral nutrition in clinical settings. Soybean oil-based lipid emulsion is the only FDA-approved lipid formulation for clinical use.
4. Indication:  Indicated for parenteral nutrition as a source of calories and essential fatty acids when oral or enteral nutrition is not possible, insufficient, or contraindicated. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pinaverium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [1] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [5]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and relief of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) associated with abdominal pain, bowel disturbances and intestinal discomfort, as well as the treatment of symptoms related to functional disorders of the biliary tract. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Risperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Schizophrenia and various mood disorders are thought to be caused by an excess of dopaminergic D2 and serotonergic 5-HT2A activity, resulting in overactivity of central mesolimbic pathways and mesocortical pathways, respectively [11, 12].Risperidone inhibits dopaminergic D2 receptors and serotonergic 5-HT2A receptors in the brain. It is also said to block histamine receptors, and other neural receptors which are currently being studied [12, 3].Risperidone binds with a very high affinity to 5-HT2A receptors, approximately 10-20 fold greater than the drug's binding affinity to D2 receptors [11, 12, 3].
4. Indication:  Risperidone belongs to the class of medications known as ​second generation atypical antipsychotics [2, 3, 12]. It is widely used in the treatment of schizophrenia and mood disorders, including bipolar disorder and depression with pyschosis [3, 4, 11, 12].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nifedipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nifedipine has been formulated as both a long- and short-acting 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nifedipine prevents calcium-dependent myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. A second proposed mechanism for the drug’s vasodilatory effects involves pH-dependent inhibition of calcium influx via inhibition of smooth muscle carbonic anhydrase. Nifedipine is used to treat hypertension and chronic stable angina.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina, hypertension, and Raynaud's phenomenon. May be used as a first line agent for left ventricular hypertrophy and isolated systolic hypertension (long-acting agents). 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Vancomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial obtained from Streptomyces orientalis. It is a glycopeptide related to ristocetin that inhibits bacterial cell wall assembly and is toxic to kidneys and the inner ear.As of January 29 2018, CutisPharma's Firvanq is the only FDA approved vancomycin oral liquid treatment option available for the the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [LP1196]. Such an oral liquid formulation is expected to make Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea therapy more accessible in comparison to previously available specialty compounding products [LP1196].
4. Indication:  A variety of dosage forms (for example, oral, injections, etc.) exist for the treatment of serious or severe infections caused by susceptible strains of methicillin-resistant (beta-lactam-resistant) staphylococci [FDA Label].Additionally, a unique FDA approved oral liquid treatment is also available and indicated for the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [9].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
