DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Deferasirox
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Deferasirox is an oral iron chelator. Its main use is to reduce chronic iron overload in patients who are receiving long term blood transfusions for conditions such as beta-thalassemia and other chronic anemias. It is the first oral medication approved in the USA for this purpose.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic iron overload due to blood transfusions (transfusional hemosiderosis) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iron Dextran
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Iron dextran is a dark brown, slightly viscous liquid complex of ferric hydroxide and dextran for intravenous or intramuscular use. Iron Dextran is used for the treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in which oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in whom oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. Also used to replenish body iron stores in Non-Dialysis Dependent-Chronic Kidney Disease (NDD-CKD) patients receiving or not receiving erythropoietin and in Hemodialysis Dependent (HDD-CKD) and Peritoneal Dialysis Dependent (PDD-CKD) - Chronic Kidney Disease patients receiving an erythropoietin.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex is an iron replacement product for treatment of iron deficiency anemia. The stable macromolecular complex is negatively charged at alkaline pH with an apparent molecular weight of 289,000 – 440,000 daltons on gel chromatography. It is composed of iron (III) oxide hydrate directly bonded to sucrose with a chelating gluconate function in a molar ratio of two iron molecules to one gluconate. It is used in adult and in pediatric patients over the age of 6 years with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
4. Indication:  Used to replete the total body content of iron during iron deficiency anemia in patients age 6 years and older with chronic kidney disease receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
