DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nafamostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nafamostat is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor that is commonly formulated with hydrochloric acid due to its basic properties. It has been used in trials studying the prevention of Liver Transplantation and Postreperfusion Syndrome. The use of nafamostat in Asian countries is approved as an anticoagulant therapy for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy due to acute kidney injury.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant in patients with disseminative blood vessel coagulation, hemorrhagic lesions, and hemorrhagic tendencies. It prevents blood clot formation during extracorporeal circulation in patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy and extra corporeal membrane oxygenation. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Coenzyme M
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coenzyme M (commonly known by it's salt form, Mesna) is a synthetic sulfhydryl (thiol) compound and is used for prophylaxis of Ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide induced hemorrhagic cystitis. [2]
4. Indication:  Mesna is a uroprotective agent and is used prophylactically to reduce ifosfamide and cyclophosphamide induced hemorrhagic cystitis. (2)
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ribavirin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Producing a broad-spectrum activity against several RNA and DNA viruses, Ribavirin is a synthetic guanosine nucleoside and antiviral agent that interferes with the synthesis of viral mRNA. It is primarily indicated for use in treating hepatitis C and viral hemorrhagic fevers. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [10]. It is reported that ribavirin might be only effective in early stages of viral hemorrhagic fevers including Lasser fever, Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever, Venezuelan hemorrhagic fever, and Hantavirus infection. Ribavirin is a prodrug that is metabolized into nucleoside analogs that blocks viral RNA synthesis and viral mRNA capping. Before the development of newer drugs, ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b dual therapy was considered the first-generation and standard antiviral treatment [5]. The dual therapy was administered for 48 weeks in patients with genotype 1, 4, 5, and 6, and 24 weeks in patients with genotype 2 and 3 [5]. Newer drugs developed as Hepatitis C viral infection treatments can be used to reduce or eliminate the use of ribavirin, which are associated with serious adverse effects. They also improve therapeutic efficacy in patients with failed Peginterferon alfa-2a/Peginterferon alfa-2b and ribavirin-based therapy. The potential use of ribavirin as a treatment for acute myeloid leukemia is currently under investigation.According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), ribavirin is typically used as an adjunct therapy to various first-line and second-line combination therapies recommended for each genotypes. Ribavirin is added to decrease relapse rates by accelerating viral clearance early in the treatment course [7]. When used to treat Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infections, it is always used as a part of combination therapies as ribavirin monotherapy is not efficacious in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection [6]. Additionally, including ribavirin in the regimen can increase the risk of anemia. In HCV genotye 1/2/3/4/5/6 patients, ribavirin can be used in combination therapy involving Daclatasvir and Sofosbuvir, Eplusa (Sofosbuvir, Velpatasvir), Harvoni (Sofosbuvir, Ledipasvir), Simeprevir and Sofosbuvir, Viekira Pak (Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, Dasabuvir), Technivie (Ritonavir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir) and Zepatier (Elbasvir, Grazoprevir). Addition of weight-based ribavirin to Technivie therapy increased sustained virologic response after 12 weeks of daily therapy (SVR12) from 90% to 97% in patients with HCV genotype 1a and 90.9% to 100% in HCV genotype 4 patients [10]. Zepatier therapy along with ribavirin improved SVR in HCV genotype 5 patients. Combination therapy of ribavirin and Peginterferon alfa-2a results in the SVR of 44% in patients with genotype 1 infection and 70% in patients with genotype 2-6. The inclusion of ribavirin in the combination therapies depend on individual patient's profile, for example if HCV genotype 3 patient has a Y93H genetic variant and compensated cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in combination with other antiviral agents with the intent to cure or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR). Typically added to improve SVR and reduce relapse rates [6].The addition of ribavirin in Technivie therapy indicated for treating HCV genotype 1a and 4 infections is recommended in patients with or without cirrhosis. Resistance: viral genetic determinants resulting in variable response to ribavirin therapy has not been yet determined. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Furazolidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
4. Indication:  For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rilonacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old. 
4. Indication:  Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  GTI 2040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2040 is a substance that is being studied as a treatment for cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called antisense oligonucleotides.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia (myeloid), leukemia (unspecified), myelodysplastic syndrome, prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Erwinaze (asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi) contains an asparaginase specific enzyme derived from Erwinia chrysanthemi [4]. Specifically, this L-asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme consisting of four identical subunits, each having a molecular weight of about 35 kDa [4]. The activity of Erwinaze is expressed in terms of International Units. It is an antineoplastic agent and was FDA approved in November 19, 2011 [4].
4. Indication:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that have developed a hypersensitivity to E. coli-derivied asparaginase [4]. It is a component of a multi-agent chemotherpeutic regimen [4] for the treatment of the aforementioned disease and is considered second- or third- line treatment in European and American protocols [1]. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Colchicine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major alkaloid from Colchicum autumnale L. and found also in other Colchicum species. Its primary therapeutic use is in the treatment of gout, but it has been used also in the therapy of familial Mediterranean fever (periodic disease). [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of pain in attacks of acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dihydrotachysterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A vitamin D that can be regarded as a reduction product of vitamin D2.
4. Indication:  Used for the prevention and treatment of rickets or osteomalacia, and to manage hypocalcemia associated with hypoparathyroidism or pseudohypoparathyroidism. Also used for the treatment of vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Yellow Fever Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Yellow Fever vaccine prevents against Yellow Fever, a viral hemorrhagic disease caused by the transmission of a flavivirus through the bite of an infected mosquito. Symptoms of Yellow Fever can range from asymptomatic, to mild flu-like illness, to more severe symptoms such as shock, jaundice, internal bleeding, and organ failure [4]. Interestingly, Yellow Fever got its name from the characteristic yellowing of the skin and eyes that occurs from the development of jaundice when the virus attacks the liver. Although there is supportive treatment available for managing Yellow Fever, there are currently no antivirals developed to specifically treat Yellow Fever. Vaccination with Yellow Fever vaccine is therefore considered to be the most important and effective measure to protect against Yellow Fever, with protective immunity developing within 10 days after vaccination; in two separate clinical trials of Yellow Fever Vaccine, 90% of subjects seroconverted within 10 days after vaccination, and 100% of subjects seroconverted within 14 days [FDA Label]. The World Health Organization no longer recommends the use of a 10-year booster dose following primary immunization, as a single dose is "sufficient to confer life-long immunity against yellow fever disease" [3]. Yellow Fever is most commonly found in the southern hemisphere, in tropical regions of Africa and Central/South America [2]. The World Health Organization recommends routine vaccination in countries where Yellow Fever is endemic, and for travellers going to endemic areas as proof of vaccination is often a requirement at border crossings to prevent international spread of the disease [2, 5].Yellow Fever Vaccine is a subcutaneously administered vaccination for the active immunization and prophylaxis of yellow fever in pediatric patients 9 months of age and older. It is composed of two live, attenuated strains of yellow fever virus, 17D-204 and 17DD, which have been shown to elicit an immune response identical to that induced by wild-type infection [FDA Label]. The FDA recommends vaccination with Yellow Fever Vaccine for persons living in or travelling to endemic areas and for laboratory personnel who handle virulent yellow fever virus or concentrated preparations of the yellow fever vaccine virus.
4. Indication:  Yellow Fever Vaccine is indicated for active immunization for the prevention of yellow fever in persons 9 months of age and older in the following categories:Persons Living in or Traveling to Endemic Areas: While the actual risk for contracting yellow fever during travel is probably low, variability of itineraries, behaviors and seasonal incidence of disease make it difficult to predict the actual risk for a given individual living in or traveling to a known endemic or epidemic area. Greater risk is associated with living in or traveling to areas of South America and Africa where yellow fever infection is officially reported at the time of travel and with traveling outside the urban areas of countries that do not officially report the disease but that lie in a yellow fever endemic zone.Persons Travelling Internationally Through Countries with Yellow Fever: Some countries require an individual to have a valid International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis (ICVP) if the individual has been in countries either known or thought to harbor yellow fever virus. The certificate becomes valid 10 days after vaccination with Yellow Fever Vaccine.Laboratory Personnel: Laboratory personnel who handle virulent yellow fever virus or concentrated preparations of the yellow fever vaccine virus strains may be at risk of exposure by direct or indirect contact or by aerosols.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dexbrompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexbrompheniramine maleate is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of symptoms of allergies, hay fever, and colds
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Loxoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loxoprofen (INN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives group, which also includes ibuprofen and naproxen, among others. It is marketed in Brazil, Mexico and Japan by Sankyo as its sodium salt, loxoprofen sodium, under the trade name Loxonin, Argentina as Oxeno and in India as Loxomac. It is available in these countries for oral administration, and a transdermal preparation was approved for sale in Japan in January 2006.
4. Indication:  Loxoprofen is non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (NSAID) indicated for pain and inflammation related to musculoskeletal and joint disorders [3]. In addition to its effects on pain, it is an antipyretic and anti-inflammatory medication [4].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Alverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant. Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus. Alverine acts directly on the muscle in the gut, causing it to relax. This prevents the muscle spasms which occur in the gut in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and diverticular disease. It is used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine is formulated as the citrate salt (5982-87-6).
4. Indication:  Used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine citrate is also under investigation to increase the cytotoxic effects of the proteasome inhibitor MG132 on breast cancer cells. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Clemastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Telotristat ethyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Telotristat only approved oral therapy for carcinoid syndrome diarrhea. Telotristat was approved by the FDA in March, 2017 as Xermelo.
4. Indication:  As a serotonin synthesis inhibitor, telotristat etiprate, has the potential to reduce serotonin levels and address the key elements of carcinoid syndrome. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Demeclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat Lyme disease, acne, and bronchitis. Also indicated (but rarely used) to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, malaria, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. One of its other registered uses is the treatment of hyponatremia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 
