DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Hepatitis A Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Two types of HAV vaccines are currently available internationally:1. Formaldehyde-inactivated vaccines: Inactivated HAV vaccines are used in most countries. Monovalent inactivated HAV vaccines are available in paediatric dose (0.5 ml) for children aged 1 year to 15 years, and in adult dose (1 ml).2. Live attenuated vaccines (based on H2 or LA-1 HAV strains): These vaccines are manufactured and used mainly in China and India. Inactivated hepatitis A vaccines are safe and highly effective. Traditionally, a two-dose schedule is recommended, particularly in travellers at substantial risk of contracting hepatitis A and in immunocompromised individuals. However, in healthy individuals, comparable effectiveness has been achieved with a single dose. The Chinese live attenuated hepatitis A vaccines have been shown to be safe and highly protective (95%) against clinical infection for at least 3 years.Among the adverse effects from Hepatitis A vaccine injection are fatigue, fever > 99.5°F (37.5°C), induration, redness, and swelling of the injection site and malaise. Anorexia and nausea could be possible side effects.
4. Indication:  Hepatitis A vaccine is indicated for active immunization against disease caused by hepatitis A virus (HAV). It is approved for use in persons 12 months of age and older. Primary immunization should be administered at least 2 weeks prior to expected exposure to HAV.HAVRIX® will not prevent hepatitis infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, hepatitis E virus or other pathogens known to infect the liver.In areas of low to intermediate prevalence of hepatitis A, immunization with HAVRIX® is particularly recommended in subjects who are, or will be, at increased risk of infection such as:* Travelers: Persons traveling to areas where the prevalence of hepatitis A is high. These areas include Africa, Asia, the Mediterranean basin, the Middle East, Central and South America.Armed Forces: Armed Forces personnel who travel to higher endemicity areas or to areas where hygiene is poor have an increased risk of HAV infection. Active immunization is indicated for these individuals.Persons for whom Hepatitis A is an Occupational Hazard: These include employees in day-care centres, nursing, medical and paramedical personnel in hospitals and institutions, especially gastroenterology and pediatric units, sewage workers, and food handlers, among others.Persons for whom there is an Increased Risk of Transmission of Hepatitis A: e.g. homosexuals, persons with multiple sexual partners, abusers of injectable drugs, hemophiliac patients.Contacts of Infected Persons: Since virus shedding of infected persons may occur for a prolonged period, active immunization of close contacts is recommended.Specific Population Groups known to have Higher Incidence of Hepatitis A: e.g. North American Indians, Inuits, recognized community-wide HAV epidemics.Subjects with chronic liver disease or who are at risk of developing chronic liver disease e.g. Hepatitis B (HB) and Hepatitis C (HC) chronic carriers and alcohol abusers.
