DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Evacetrapib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evacetrapib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Hepatic Insufficiency, and Cardiovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bentiromide
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bentiromide is a peptide used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy. It is given by mouth as a noninvasive test. The amount of 4-aminobenzoic acid and its metabolites excreted in the urine is taken as a measure of the chymotrypsin-secreting activity of the pancreas. Headache and gastrointestinal disturbances have been reported in patients taking bentiromide. Bentiromide is not available in the U.S. or Canada (It was withdrawn in the US in October 1996).
4. Indication:  Used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fludrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic mineralocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Lomitapide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients. It is marketed under the name Juxtapid (R).
4. Indication:  Used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), apolipoprotein B (apo B), and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Rifapentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rifapentine is an antibiotic drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Etacrynic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A compound that inhibits symport of sodium, potassium, and chloride primarily in the ascending limb of Henle, but also in the proximal and distal tubules. This pharmacological action results in excretion of these ions, increased urinary output, and reduction in extracellular fluid. This compound has been classified as a loop or high ceiling diuretic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and edema caused by diseases like congestive heart failure, liver failure, and kidney failure.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Digitoxin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardiac glycoside sometimes used in place of digoxin. It has a longer half-life than digoxin; toxic effects, which are similar to those of digoxin, are longer lasting. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p665)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ipilimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ipilimumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody (IgG1 kappa immunoglobin), is an antineoplastic agent developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. Ipilimumab received FDA approved on March 25, 2011. In October 2015, the FDA approved expanded the indications for Ipilimumab, allowing it to be used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
4. Indication:  Ipilimumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. It is also used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Treprostinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Treprostinil is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, used to treat pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For use as a continuous subcutaneous infusion or intravenous infusion (for those not able to tolerate a subcutaneous infusion) for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in patients with NYHA Class II-IV symptoms to diminish symptoms associated with exercise.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Rifampicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic antibiotic produced from Streptomyces mediterranei. It has a broad antibacterial spectrum, including activity against several forms of Mycobacterium. In susceptible organisms it inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity by forming a stable complex with the enzyme. It thus suppresses the initiation of RNA synthesis. Rifampin is bactericidal, and acts on both intracellular and extracellular organisms. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p1160)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Tuberculosis and Tuberculosis-related mycobacterial infections.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rifabutin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum antibiotic that is being used as prophylaxis against disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in HIV-positive patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An alkaloid ester extracted from the leaves of plants including coca. It is a local anesthetic and vasoconstrictor and is clinically used for that purpose, particularly in the eye, ear, nose, and throat. It also has powerful central nervous system effects similar to the amphetamines and is a drug of abuse. Cocaine, like amphetamines, acts by multiple mechanisms on brain catecholaminergic neurons; the mechanism of its reinforcing effects is thought to involve inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the introduction of local (topical) anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes of the oral, laryngeal and nasal cavities.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Digoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pancrelipase lipase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  is a combination of porcine-derived lipases, proteases, and amylases indicated for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiencydue to cystic fibrosis or other conditions.
4. Indication:  Pancrelipase is indicated for the treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency due to cystic fibrosis or other conditions. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  MK-7145
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-7145 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension and Renal Insufficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Horse chestnut
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Horse chestnut is a flowering plant commonly referred to as Aesculus hippocastanum. Unprocessed horse chestnut seeds contain a toxin called esculin (also spelled aesculin) that increases the risk of bleeding due to anticoagulant actions. These seeds are processed to remove the toxic component, resulting in purified horse chestnut seed extract (HCSE) [1]. The active component of this pure extract is escin, or aescin, that promotes blood circulation through the veins and reduces swelling and inflammation of the legs. Its therapeutic potential in the treatment of chronic venous insufficiency is being studied.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Gosogliptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gosogliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Renal Insufficiency, Chronic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Omarigliptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omarigliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Renal Insufficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tonapofylline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tonapofylline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Heart Failure, Renal Insufficiency, and Congestive Heart Failure.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sarpogrelate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sarpogrelate has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetes Mellitus, Diabetic Nephropathy, Coronary Artery Disease, and Renal Insufficiency, Chronic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pancrelipase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pancrelipase is an enzyme mixture isolated from porcine or bovine pancreas, sometimes called pancreatin. It contains 3 enzymes: amylase, lipase, and a protease (chymotrypsin). Pancrelipase is marketed under several brand names such as Ultresa™ and Viokace™.
4. Indication:  For treatment of exocrine pancreatic insufficiency in cystic fibrosis (Ultresa™), chronic pancreatitis (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor), and pancreatectomy (Viokace™ in combination with a proton pump inhibitor). 
