DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Lactulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic disaccharide used in the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy. It has also been used in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p887)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rifaximin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rifaximin is a semisynthetic, rifamycin-based non-systemic antibiotic, meaning that the drug will not pass the gastrointestinal wall into the circulation as is common for other types of orally administered antibiotics. It has multiple indications and is used in treatment of traveller's diarrhea caused by E. coli; reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence; as well as diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D) in adult women and men. It is marketed under the brand name Xifaxan by Salix Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Rifaximin has multiple indications by the FDA: for the treatment of patients (≥12 years of age) with traveller's diarrhea caused by noninvasive strains of Escherichia coli; for the reduction of overt hepatic encephalopathy recurrence in patients ≥18 years of age; and in May 2015 it was approved for irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D) treatment in adult men and women. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chromic chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromic chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).
4. Indication:  For use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methionine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A sulfur containing essential amino acid that is important in many body functions. It is a chelating agent for heavy metals.
4. Indication:  Used for protein synthesis including the formation of SAMe, L-homocysteine, L-cysteine, taurine, and sulfate.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cefepime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia (moderate to severe) caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Enterobacter species. Also for empiric treatment of febrile neutropenic patients and uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis) caused by Escherichia coli or Klebsiella pneumoniae, when the infection is severe, or caused by Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Proteus mirabilis, when the infection is mild to moderate, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia with these microorganisms. Also for the treatment of uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible strains only) or Streptococcus pyogenes and complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole) caused by Escherichia coli, viridans group streptococci, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter species, or Bacteroides fragilis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  L-Isoleucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain aliphatic amino acid found in many proteins. It is an isomer of leucine. It is important in hemoglobin synthesis and regulation of blood sugar and energy levels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The branched-chain amino acids may have antihepatic encephalopathy activity in some. They may also have anticatabolic and antitardive dyskinesia activity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  L-Valine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A branched-chain essential amino acid that has stimulant activity. It promotes muscle growth and tissue repair. It is a precursor in the penicillin biosynthetic pathway. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Promotes mental vigor, muscle coordination, and calm emotions. May also be of use in a minority of patients with hepatic encephalopathy and in some with phenylketonuria.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenylacetic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylacetic acid is an organic compound containing a phenyl functional group and a carboxylic acid functional group. It is a white solid with a disagreeable odor. Because it is used in the illicit production of phenylacetone (used in the manufacture of substituted amphetamines), it is subject to controls in countries including the United States and China.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of acute hyperammonemia and associated encephalopathy in patients with deficiencies in enzymes of the urea cycle.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlormezanone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasm.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Neomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). Neomycin is a bactericidal aminoglycoside antibiotic that binds to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and acceptor tRNA sites and results in the production of non-functional or toxic peptides.
4. Indication:  Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC). 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Papaverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in opium but not closely related to the other opium alkaloids in its structure or pharmacological actions. It is a direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used in the treatment of impotence and as a vasodilator, especially for cerebral vasodilation. The mechanism of its pharmacological actions is not clear, but it apparently can inhibit phosphodiesterases and it may have direct actions on calcium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of impotence and vasospasms.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m etifenin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  PSN357
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN357 is a glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor (GPI), which is designed to rapidly lower blood glucose levels by preventing glycogen breakdown to glucose in the liver.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  MB07811
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MB07811 is the first of a novel class of product candidates discovered by Metabasis designed to lower serum cholesterol and triglycerides. MB07811, a small molecule that is administered orally, has been extensively studied preclinically and is currently undergoing clinical testing. MB07811 combines a novel thyroid hormone receptor agonist with the Company's novel HepDirect liver targeting prodrug technology. The combination of selectivity for the beta form of the receptor, liver targeting and other structural characteristics that limit extra-hepatic activity is designed to provide significant efficacy while avoiding side effects associated with activation of thyroid hormone receptors outside the liver.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Toreforant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Toreforant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Psoriasis, Hepatic Impairment, and Rheumatoid Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TAK-475
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAK-475 is a "squalene synthase inhibitor", a type of cholesterol-lowering drug that has not yet been brought to market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cerivastatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  On August 8, 2001 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced that Bayer Pharmaceutical Division voluntarily withdrew Baycol from the U.S. market, due to reports of fatal Rhabdomyolysis, a severe adverse reaction from this cholesterol-lowering (lipid-lowering) product. It has also been withdrawn from the Canadian market.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to diet for the reduction of elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb) when the response to dietary restriction of saturated fat and cholesterol and other non-pharmacological measures alone has been inadequate.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ZYC300
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ZYC300 is a plasmid DNA of CYP1B1 encapsulated in biodegradable poly-DL-lactide-coglycolide microparticles. It is designed as a vaccine, intended to increase immune system sensitivity to CYP1B1, an enzyme highly prevalent in tumor cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m mebrofenin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc 99m Mebrofenin is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical composed of diisopropyl-iminodiacetic acid (DISIDA) attached to a technetium-99m ion. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging of the liver or gallbladder is performed using a gamma camera to detect the gamma rays emitted by the technetium-99m as it decays. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Liver and gallbladder imaging is enabled through attachment to mebrofenin as this molecule has high hepatic uptake and fast biliary excretion, resulting in improved hepatic imaging. More specifically, mebrofenin is taken up into hepatocytes through the action of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 transporters.Currently available within a sterile kit, Tc-99m Mebrofenin is indicated for imaging of the liver and gallbladder.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Mebrofenin is indicated as a hepatobiliary imaging agent.
