DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Zenarestat
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ipilimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ipilimumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody (IgG1 kappa immunoglobin), is an antineoplastic agent developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. Ipilimumab received FDA approved on March 25, 2011. In October 2015, the FDA approved expanded the indications for Ipilimumab, allowing it to be used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
4. Indication:  Ipilimumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. It is also used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Elamipretide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elamipretide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  QR-333
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-333 has been investigated as a treatment for diabetic peripheral neuropathy. QR-333 is a concentrated and standardized nutrient based active compounds dosed in a topical cream designed to reduce oxidative stress and treat symptoms of Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy, a nerve disorder that can lead to numbness, skin ulcers, constant pain or extreme sensitivity to a stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tizanidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tizanidine is a short-acting drug for the management of spasticity. Tizanidine is an agonist at a2-adrenergic receptor sites and presumably reduces spasticity by increasing presynaptic inhibition of motor neurons. In animal models, tizanidine has no direct effect on skeletal muscle fibers or the neuromuscular junction, and no major effect on monosynaptic spinal reflexes. The effects of tizanidine are greatest on polysynaptic pathways. The overall effect of these actions is thought to reduce facilitation of spinal motor neurons.
4. Indication:  For the management of increased muscle tone associated with spasticity
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TAK-428
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAK-428 is a drug for treating diabetic neuropathy. It is based on the novel concept that peripheral nervous tissue that was damaged by diabetes can be repaired and regenerated by stimulating an increase in neurotrophic factors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  CHF-1512
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF1512 is a methyl-ester of levodopa (LDME), melevodopa, combined with the decarboxylase inhibitor carbidopa.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  DDP-200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP200 is developed by Dynogen for the treatment of non-incontinent form of overactive bladder (OAB) with particular focus on both male and female patients with urinary frequency, urinary urgency and nocturia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Icatibant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icatibant (Firazyr) is a synthetic peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, and acts as an effective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors. It has been approved in the EU for use in hereditary angioedema, and is under investigation for a number of other conditions in which bradykinin is thought to play a significant role. Icatibant currently has orphan drug status in the United States and FDA approved on August 25, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Approved for use in acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema, liver disease, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Nitisinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitisinone is a synthetic reversible inhibitor of 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvate dioxygenase. It is used in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1. It is sold under the brand name Orfadin.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary restriction of tyrosine and phenylalanine in the treatment of hereditary tyrosinemia type 1.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Deutetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Deutetrabenazine is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated Tetrabenazine [5]. The presence of deuterium in deutetrabenazine increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound [5]. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability [2]. Decreased plasma fluctuations of deutetrabenazine due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with deutetrabenazine [1]. Deutetrabenazine is a racemic mixture containing RR-Deutetrabenazine and SS-Deutetrabenazine [FDA Label]. Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances [2] that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions [5]. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission [6]. Deutetrabenazine depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release [6]. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, deutetrabenazine is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease [7]. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of deutetrabenazine resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo [5]. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name Austedo as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Duloxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Duloxetine (brand names Cymbalta, Yentreve, and in parts of Europe, Xeristar or Ariclaim) is a drug which primarily targets major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy and in some countries stress urinary incontinence (SUI). It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.Duloxetine has not yet been FDA approved for stress urinary incontinence or for fibromyalgia.Duloxetine is a selective SNRI (selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor). Duloxetine is a systemic drug therapy which affects the body as a whole. Known also under the code name LY248686, it is a potent dual reuptake inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE), possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE- and 5-HT transporter sites. It is a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Stanozolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol is derived from testosterone, and has been abused by several high profile professional athletes. 
4. Indication:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating C1-inhibitor deficient hereditary angioedema. C1-inhibitor is a protease that inhibits the complement system (part of the innate immune system), a biochemical chain of reactions which assists the body in removing pathogens from the body. Stanozolol may help control attacks of hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol can be administered orally or intramuscularly. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ecallantide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ecallantide is a potent and selective human plasma kallikrein inhibitor that is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of hereditary angioedema. Ecallantide is a recombinant 60-amino-acid protein produced in Pichia pastoris yeast cells that contains three intramolecular disulfide bonds [FDA Label]. It was discovered by phage display technology [4]. It shares sequence similarities with the naturally occurring human protein tissue-factor pathway inhibitor (TFPI), which is also known lipoprotein-associated coagulation inhibitor (LACI) [5]. The amino acid sequence of two compounds differ by seven amino acids [5]. Ecallantide works by blocking kallikrein to participate in the kallikrein-kinin system, which is a complex proteolytic cascade that initiates inflammatory and coagulation pathways [FDA Label]. The protease plasma kallikerin facilitates the conversion of kininogen to bradykinin, which is a pro-inflammatory vasodilator that increases vascular permeability and induces pain [1]. Hereditary angioedema is a rare autosomal dominant disorder with mutations to C1-esterase-inhibitor (C1-INH) located on Chromosome 11q, resulting in substantially lower levels of C4 and C1-INH activity [FDA Label]. The disorder is associated with recurrent attacks of severe swelling and is thought to be caused by unregulated activity of kallikrein and excessive bradykinin production [FDA Label]. By reversibly binding to plasma kallikrein, ecallantide displays a rapid on-rate and a slow off-rate that results in high affinity inhibition in the picomolar range [5]. Ecallantide is marketed by FDA and EMA under the trade name Kalbitor for subcutaneous injection. Apart from its FDA and EMA indication, ecallantide has been used off label in the management of nonhistaminergic angioedema, not due to HAE [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the symptomatic treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) in patients 12 years of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Conestat alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Coagulation factor X human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation Factor X (Human), is a plasma-derived human blood coagulation factor is used by adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency. However its use is limited in the perioperative setting for the management of bleeding in major surgery in patients with moderate and severe hereditary Factor X deficiency. Coagulation Factor X is a vitamin K-dependent, liver-produced serine protease that serves as the first enzyme in the coagulation cascade to form fibrin. It is a two-chain glycoprotein with the molecular weight of approximately 59 kDa [2]. While Factor X normally circulates in the plasma as inactive molecules, the activation of Factor X is involved in both the intrinsic and extrinsic coagulation pathways. Inherited factor X deficiency is a rare autosomal recessive bleeding disorder that is estimated to occur in 1:1 000 000 individuals up to 1:500 carriers [1]. Administration of coagulation Factor X from healthy donor serves to restore and achieve effective hemostasis. Coagulation Factor X (Human) solution is approved by the FDA for intravenous injection under the market name Coagadex which contains normally 100 IU/mL of coagulation Factor X derived from healthy donors who have passed viral screening tests [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults and children (aged 12 years and above) with hereditary Factor X deficiency for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes, or for perioperative management of bleeding in patients with mild hereditary Factor X deficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  J147
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  J147 is an experimental drug with reported effects against both Alzheimer's disease and ageing in mouse models of accelerated aging. [1, 2, 3] It is a curcumin derivative and a potent neurogenic and neuroprotective drug candidate initially developed for the treatment of neurodegenerative conditions associated with aging that impacts many pathways implicated in the pathogenesis of diabetic neuropathy. [5]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ranirestat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ranirestat is a structurally novel and stereospecifically potent aldose reductase (AKR1B; EC 1.1.1.21) inhibitor, which contains a succinimide ring that undergoes ring-opening at physiological pH levels. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mild to Moderate Diabetic Sensorimotor Polyneuropathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
