DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Amenamevir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amenamevir has been used in trials studying the treatment of Herpes Zoster, Herpes Simplex, Herpes Genitalis, and Safety of Amenamevir.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  HSV-2 theracine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HSV-2 theracine is an attenuated recombinant vaccine developed by AuRx for the treatment of genital herpes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Famciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Famciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpes virus infections, most commonly for herpes zoster (shingles). It is a prodrug form of penciclovir with improved oral bioavailability. Famciclovir is marketed under the trade name Famvir (Novartis).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute herpes zoster (shingles). Also for the treatment or suppression of recurrent genital herpes in immunocompetent patients and treatment of recurrent mucocutaneous herpes simplex infections in HIV infected patients.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Docosanol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docosanol is a drug used for topical treatment for recurrent herpes simplex labialis episodes (episodes of cold sores or fever blisters). A saturated 22-carbon aliphatic alcohol, docosanol exhibits antiviral activity against many lipid enveloped viruses including herpes simplex virus (HSV). Docosanol inhibits fusion between the plasma membrane and the herpes simplex virus (HSV) envelope, thereby preventing viral entry into cells and subsequent viral replication.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of recurrent oral-facial herpes simplex episodes (cold sores or fever blisters).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ME-609
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ME-609 is a Medivir’s combination treatment against labial herpes which suppresses the virus while moderating the immune system’s reaction. Clinical trials demonstrated that cold sores become far smaller, and in a significant number of cases, do not arise. This concept is highly competitive since none of the market’s current pharmaceuticals can prevent the incidence of cold sores.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in herpes labialis infections (cold sores).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  NV1020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV1020, a genetically engineered herpes simplex virus, is a novel anticancer therapeutic.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  AG-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AG-702 is a recombinant human heat shock protein also known as stress protein. It is also known as HSPs, which are a group of proteins that are induced when a cell undergoes various types of environmental stresses like heat, cold and oxygen deprivation. HSPs are present in all cells in all life forms from bacteria to mammals, and their structure and function are similar across these diverse life forms. This drug is developed by antigenics for the treatment of genital herpes infection and is under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Valaciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valaciclovir (INN) or valacyclovir (USAN) is an antiviral drug used in the management of herpes simplex and herpes zoster (shingles). It is a prodrug, being converted in vivo to aciclovir. It is marketed by GlaxoSmithKline under the trade name Valtrex or Zelitrex.
4. Indication:  For the treatment or suppression of cold sores (herpes labialis), herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes in immunocompetent individuals, and recurrent genital herpes in HIV-infected individuals.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Acyclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanosine analog antiviral drug that acts as an antimetabolite. Aciclovir is used for the treatment of herpes simplex virus infections, varicella zoster (chickenpox) and herpes zoster (shingles).Aciclovir has also been investigated for the treatment of herpes labialis applied using an iontophoretic device. Currently approved drugs for the treatment of herpes labialis (cold sores) exhibit low levels of efficacy due to the limited ability of the drugs to penetrate the skin to the site where the herpes virus is replicating. Iontophoresis uses electric current to enhance the delivery of drugs through the skin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of herpes zoster (shingles), genital herpes, and chickenpox. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant zoster vaccine, manufactured as the product Shingrix by GlaxoSmithKline, is an adjuvanted non-live recombinant vaccine indicated for prevention of shingles. First approved in October 2017 by the Food and Drug Administration, Shingrix is the preferred vaccine for preventing varicella zoster infection in people aged 50 years and older, replacing Zostavax as first line therapy[4]. Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by a reactivation of Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV), the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox in childhood. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash. Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [3]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age [FDA Label]. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.The main immunological component of Shingrix vaccine is glycoprotein E (gE), a protein found on the surface of varicella zoster virus (VZV). Immune exposure to gE protein stimulates the development of anti-gE antibodies, and therefore adaptive immunity to VZV. Shingrix also contains an adjuvant system, AS01B, which is intended to enhance the immunological response to the vaccine leading to longer lasting and greater immunogenicity to the herpes zoster virus [2].
4. Indication:  Shingrix vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in adults aged 50 years and older.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Talimogene laherparepvec
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Talimogene laherparepvec is an oncolytic treatment used in local treatment of unresectable cutaneous, subcutaneous, and nodal lesions in patients with recurrent melanoma. It is a genetically administered herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1) that expresses human cytokine granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) with antitumor and immune-stimulating activities. It specifically replicates within tumor cells and causes lysis. It was approved by the FDA in 2015 under the market name Imlygic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PCL-016
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PCL-016 or Picolinic acid drug substance is a pyridine carboxylate metabolite of tryptophan. It acts as an anti-infective and immunomodulator and is produced in approximately 25-50 mg quantities by the body on a daily basis through the breakdown of tryptophan. PCL-016 plays a key role in zinc transport. As a therapeutic agent, the molecule works by binding to zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) in a way that changes their structures and disrupts zinc binding, inhibiting function. ZFPs are involved in viral replication and packaging as well as normal cell homeostatic functions. Picolinic acid has been shown to be an anti-viral in vitro and in vivo, and sometimes works in conjunction with other cytokines such as interferon gamma to affect immune responses. Acne vulgaris, herpes and other viral infections therefore pose potential therapeutic targets of PCL-016.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, herpes labialis infections (cold sores), and venereal disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  NB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NB-001 has been investigated for the treatment of Recurrent Herpes Labialis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Valomaciclovir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in herpes zoster infections and viral infection.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pritelivir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pritelivir has been used in trials studying the prevention of HSV-2 and Genital Herpes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01971385 (Safety and Efficacy of Squaric Acid Dibutyl Ester for the Treatment of Herpes Labialis).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Vidarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a variety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the vaccinia VIRUS and varicella zoster virus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chickenpox - varicella, herpes zoster and herpes simplex
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Idoxuridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in keratoconjunctivitis and keratitis caused by herpes simplex virus.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Live/Attenuated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Live attenuated zoster vaccine is available as two products: Zostavax for the prevention of shingles in immunocompetent people over the age of 50, and Varivax for the prevention of chickenpox in individuals 12 months of age and older. While the two vaccines contain the same immunological components and provide protection against the same virus, Zostavax contains a higher dose and is used in older adults to prevent the development of shingles and post-herpetic neuralgia. First approved in May 2006 by the Food and Drug Administration, Zostavax was the first vaccine available for the prevention of shingles. Since October 2017, however, it has been replaced as first line therapy by Shingrix (Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)), a more effective and longer lasting vaccine[3]. Both Varivax and Zostavax are composed of a lyophilized preparation of live, attenuated Oka/Merck strain of varicella-zoster virus. Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV) is the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox (also known as Varicella) in childhood [4]. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash, known as shingles (or Herpes Zoster). Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [2]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Efficacy for prevention of shingles is highest in patients 60-69 years old and decreases with increasing age. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.
4. Indication:  Zostavax vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in immunocompetent adults aged 50 years and older.Varivax vaccine is indicated for active immunization for the prevention of varicella in individuals 12 months of age and older.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Trifluridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antiviral derivative of thymidine used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p557)
4. Indication:  Ophthalmic solution for the treatment of primay keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus, types 1 and 2.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Foscarnet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral agent used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis. Foscarnet also shows activity against human herpesviruses and HIV. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of CMV retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) and for treatment of acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous HSV infections in immunocompromised patients.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dehydroascorbic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Dehydroascorbic acid is made from the oxidation of ascorbic acid. This reaction is reversible, but dehydroascorbic acid can instead undergo irreversible hydrolysis to 2,3-diketogulonic acid. Dehydroascorbic acid as well as ascorbic acid are both termed Vitamin C, but the latter is the main form found in humans. In the body, both dehydroascorbic acid and ascorbic acid have similar biological activity as antivirals but dehydroascorbic acid also has neuroprotective effects. Currently dehydroascorbic acid is an experimental drug with no known approved indications.
4. Indication:  There is no approved indication for dehydroascorbic acid, but it has potential therapeutic use in patients with certain viruses and ischemic stroke.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B), liver transplant surgery, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  G207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G207 is cancer-killing viruses, so-called oncolytic viruses, for the treatment of various forms of cancer developed by MediGene AG. These viruses are specific herpes simplex viruses, or HSVs, generally known as the cause of cold sores. MediGene uses these viruses, however, in a modified and "disarmed" form in order to make them utilizable as a therapeutic agent in humans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Seliciclib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells. Seliciclib is being developed by Cyclacel. Seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lung cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, leukemia (lymphoid), and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
