DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Moexipril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Moexipril is a non-sulfhydryl containing precursor of the active angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor moexiprilat. It is used to treat high blood pressure (hypertension). It works by relaxing blood vessels, causing them to widen. Lowering high blood pressure helps prevent strokes, heart attacks and kidney problems.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tiapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiapride is a drug that selectively blocks D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the brain.
4. Indication:  Tiapride is indicated for the treatment of a variety of neurological and psychiatric disorders including dyskinesia, alcohol withdrawal syndrome, negative symptoms of psychosis, and agitation and aggression in the elderly.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Thymosin beta-4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Thymosin Beta 4 has been investigated for the treatment of STEMI, Dry Eye, Diabetes, Pressure Ulcers, and Dry Eye Syndrome, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  AV608
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Labetalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Blocker of both alpha- and beta-adrenergic receptors that is used as an antihypertensive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension (alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensive agents), as well as chronic stable angina pectoris and sympathetic overactivity syndrome associated with severe tetanus. Labetalol is used parenterally for immediate reduction in blood pressure in severe hypertension or in hypertensive crises when considered an emergency, for the control of blood pressure in patients with pheochromocytoma and pregnant women with preeclampsia, and to produce controlled hypotension during anesthesia to reduce bleeding resulting from surgical procedures.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ropinirole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, and is also one of two medications in the United States with an FDA-approved indication for the treatment of restless legs syndrome (the other being Pramipexole).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Also used for the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fludrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic mineralocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mersalyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [4, 6]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [6]. Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [13].
4. Indication:  Elevated blood pressure, edema [6, 14].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Copper
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [5].
4. Indication:  For use in the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition and in contraception with intrauterine devices [FDA Label] [5].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Phentermine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant and sympathomimetic with actions and uses similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been used most frequently in the treatment of obesity. [PubChem]. Some common brand names for phentermine are Adipex-P® and Suprenza™. Phentermine is also available in combination medications such as Qsymia®.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Neocartilage
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Furazolidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
4. Indication:  For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Guanabenz
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alpha-2 selective adrenergic agonist used as an antihypertensive agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of High blood pressure
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pergolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist approved in 1982 for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease. It is an ergot derivative that acts on the dopamine D2 and D3, alpha2- and alpha1-adrenergic, and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors. It was indicated as adjunct therapy with levodopa/carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonian syndrome. It was later found that pergolide increased the risk of cardiac valvulopathy. The drug was withdrawn from the US market in March 2007 and from the Canadian market in August 2007.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in the management of the signs and symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It was withdrawn from the US and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valvulopathy. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Brinzolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brinzolamide is a highly specific, non-competitive, reversible carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase (CA) is an enzyme found in many tissues of the body including the eye. It catalyzes the reversible reaction involving the hydration of carbon dioxide and the dehydration of carbonic acid. In humans, carbonic anhydrase exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active being carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. The result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cilnidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cilnidipine is a dihydropyridine calcium antagonist. It was jointly developed by Fuji Viscera Pharmaceutical Company, Japan and Ajinomoto, Japan and approved in 1995. Compared with other calcium antagonists, cilnidipine can act on the N-type calcium channel that existing sympathetic nerve end besides acting on L-type calcium channel that similar to most of the calcium antagonists. Cilnidipine is approved for use in Japan, China, India, Korea and some European countries.[1]
4. Indication:  Cilnidipine is indicated for the management of hypertension for end-organ protection.[5] It is reported to be useful in elderly patients and in those with diabetes and albuminuria. Cilnidipine has been increasingly used in patients with chronic kidney disease Hypertension is the term used to describe the presence of high blood pressure. The blood pressure is generated by the force of the blood pumped from the heart against the blood vessels. Thus hypertension is caused when there is too much pressure on the blood vessels and this effect can damage the blood vessel.[6]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  FP0011
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FP0011 is a small molecule antiglutamatergic compound with symptomatic and disease modifying effects in a variety of neurological disorders (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's disease). It acts on the presynaptic regulation of glutamate and shows strong neuroprotective properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dihydroergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ergotamine. It is used as a vasoconstrictor, specifically for the therapy of migraine disorders.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura and the acute treatment of cluster headache episodes.
