DrugId:  1
1. Name:  NX-1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Topsalysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Topsalysin is being developed for the treatment of localized prostate cancer and also benign prostatic hyperplasia. Topsalysin is delivered locally to the prostate under ultrasound guidance.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, cancer/tumors (unspecified), prostate cancer, prostate disorders, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Talaporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talaporfin has been investigated for the treatment of Port-Wine Stain and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lemuteporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostrate disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Elocalcitol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, urinary incontinence, prostate disorders, and infertility.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Silodosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silodosin is an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that is selective for the prostate. Silodosin is for symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. FDA approved Oct 9, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment for symptomatic relief of benign prostatic hyperplasia 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Enrasentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Erteberel
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Erteberel is an estrogen receptor beta agonist that has been used in trials studying the treatment of Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ozarelix
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozarelix has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ATX-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATX-101 (medical), sodium deoxycholate for subcutaneous injection, is being evaluated as a treatment for the reduction of localized fat deposits. This includes treatment of superficial lipomas (benign tumors of soft tissue composed of mature fat cells), fat deposits in the submental region of the face/neck, and localized fat deposits in other parts of the body. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring bile acid produced by the liver as one of several end products of cholesterol metabolism. As a naturally occurring component of the human body, deoxycholate is considered a ‘biocompatible’ detergent that solubilizes fat in the small intestine. ATX-101 demonstrates a relative selectivity for fat over other tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  PEG-uricase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PEG-uricase, a polyethylene glycol ("PEG") conjugate of recombinant porcine uricase (urate oxidase), which breaks down the uric acid deposits is being studied in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of severe, treatment-refractory gout in the United States in 2006.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperuricemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sodium Tetradecyl Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of small uncomplicated varicose veins of the lower extremities that show simple dilation with competent valves.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Polidocanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins (varicose veins ≤1 mm in diameter) and uncomplicated reticular veins (varicose veins 1 to 3 mm in diameter) in the lower extremity. It is marketed under the brand names Asclera and Varithena. The formula for Polidocanol has the structural formula C12H25(OCH2CH2)nOH, a mean extent of polymerization (n) of approximately 9 and a mean molecular weight of approximately 600.
4. Indication:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins and uncomplicated reticular veins in the lower extremity. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Finasteride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An orally active testosterone 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor. It is used as a surgical alternative for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men with an enlarged prostate to: Improve symptoms, reduce the risk of acute urinary retention, reduce the risk of the need for surgery including transurethral resection of the prostate. Also used for the stimulation of regrowth of hair in men with mild to moderate androgenetic alopecia (male pattern alopecia, hereditary alopecia, common male baldness).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Alfuzosin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alfuzosin (INN, provided as the hydrochloride salt) is an alpha-adrenergic blocker used to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It works by relaxing the muscles in the prostate and bladder neck, making it easier to urinate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of urinary obstruction and relief of associated manifestations (eg. sensation of incomplete bladder emptying or straining, urgency, interrupted or weak stream) in patients with symptomatic beningn prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Roxatidine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Roxatidine acetate is a specific and competitive H2 receptor antagonist. It is currently approved in South Africa under the tradename Roxit.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of disorders of the upper gastro-intestinal region that are due to an excess of hydrochloric acid in the gastric juice, i.e. duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers. Also for prophylaxis of recurrent gastric and duodenal ulcers
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Doxazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxazosin is a quinazoline-derivative that selectively antagonizes postsynaptic α1-adrenergic receptors. It may be used to mild to moderate hypertension and in the management of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction symptoms caused by BPH.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Prazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prazosin is a selective α-1-adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat hypertension. It has also been used to decrease urinary obstruction and relieve symptoms associated with symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia. α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland. Prazosin has also been used in conjunction with cardiac glycosides and diuretics in the management of severe congestive heart failure. It has also been used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of hypertension, symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia, and severe congestive heart failure. May also be used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tamsulosin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tamsulosin is a selective antagonist at alpha-1A and alpha-1B-adrenoceptors in the prostate, prostatic capsule, prostatic urethra, and bladder neck. At least three discrete alpha1-adrenoceptor subtypes have been identified: alpha-1A, alpha-1B and alpha-1D; their distribution differs between human organs and tissue. Approximately 70% of the alpha1-receptors in human prostate are of the alpha-1A subtype. Blockage of these receptors causes relaxation of smooth muscles in the bladder neck and prostate.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of signs and symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (reduction in urinary obstruction and relief of associated manifestations such as hesitancy, terminal dribbling of urine, interrupted or weak stream...etc.)
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Terazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terazosin is a selective alpha1-antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It also acts to lower blood pressure, so it is a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement. It works by blocking the action of adrenaline on smooth muscle of the bladder and the blood vessel walls.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic BPH and mild to moderate hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lonidamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lonidamine (LND) is a drug that interferes with energy metabolism of cancer cells, principally inhibiting aerobic glycolytic activity, by its effect on mitochondrially-bound hexokinase (HK). In such way LND could impair energy-requiring processes, as recovery from potentially lethal damage, induced by radiation treatment and by some cytotoxic drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, prostate disorders, and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nitrogen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitrogen is a chemical element with symbol N and atomic number 7. At room temperature, it is a transparent, odorless diatomic gas.Liquid nitrogen is used principally in cryotherapy for removal of diseased skin. Liquid nitrogen helps in removal of skin lesions through necrosis, which results from the freezing and thawing of cells. Cryotherapy usually done in doctors' office. Also, nitrogen is very famous component in fertilizers and energy-stores.
4. Indication:  Liquid nitrogen is used mainly as a cryogenic agent for the treatment of various benign and malignant skin lesions. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phenoxybenzamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of phaeochromocytoma (malignant), benign prostatic hypertrophy and malignant essential hypertension.
