DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Inosine pranobex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Inosine pranobex (Isoprinosine or Methisoprinol) is a combination of inosine, acetamidobenzoic acid, and dimethylaminoisopropanol used as an antiviral drug.
4. Indication:  Inosine pranobex is also indicated for mucocutaneous infections due to herpes simplex virus (type 1 and type II) and for treatment of genital warts as adjunctive therapy to podophyllin or carbon dioxide laser. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Golimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Golimumab is a human IgG1қ monoclonal antibody derived from immunizing genetically engineered mice with human TNFα. Golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNFα. Increased TNFα is associated with chronic inflammation. Thus golimumab is indicated for use in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications. In the U.S. and Canada, golimumab is marketed under the brand name Simponi®. The FDA label includes a black box warning of serious infections and malignancy. Additionally in children and adolescents taking golimumab, there have been lymphoma and other malignancies observed.
4. Indication:  Used in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lanimostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Flumequine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Flumequine is a synthetic chemotherapeutic antibiotic of the fluoroquinolone drug class used to treat bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Enoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults (≥18 years of age) with the following infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urethral or cervical gonorrhea due to Neisseria gonorrhoeae, (2) uncomplicated urinary tract infections (cystitis) due to Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Staphylococcus saprophyticus, and (3) complicated urinary tract infections due to Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Enterobacter cloacae.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Garenoxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Garenoxacin (INN) is a quinolone antibiotic undergoing regulatory review for the treatment of gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lomefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: S.pneumoniae, H.influenzae, S.aureus, P.aeruginosa, E. cloacae, P. mirabilis, C. civersus, S. asprphyticus, E.coli, and K.pneumoniae.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Temafloxacin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Temafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic drug which was withdrawn from sale in the U.S. shortly after its approval in 1992 because of serious adverse reactions resulting in three deaths. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections, genital and urinary infections like prostatitis, and skin infections.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Gatifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. Bristol-Myers Squibb introduced Gatifloxacin in 1999 under the proprietary name Tequin® for the treatment of respiratory tract infections, having licensed the medication from Kyorin Pharmaceutical Company of Japan. Allergan produces an eye-drop formulation called Zymar®. Gatifloxacin is available as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, and skin infections (abscesses, wounds) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, S. aureus, M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, S. pyogenes
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cefilavancin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, and staph bacterial infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Grepafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Grepafloxacin is an oral broad-spectrum quinoline antibacterial agent used to treat bacterial infections. Grepafloxacin was withdrawn in the United States due to its side effect of lengthening the QT interval on the electrocardiogram, leading to cardiac events and sudden death. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adults with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, or Moraxella catarrhalis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Telithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal infection, acute sinusitis, acute bacterial tonsillitis, acute bronchitis and bronchiolitis, lower respiratory tract infection and lobar (pneumococcal) pneumonia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alvircept Sudotox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alvircept Sudotox has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzylpenicillin (Penicillin G) is narrow spectrum antibiotic used to treat infections caused by susceptible bacteria. It is a natural penicillin antibiotic that is administered intravenously or intramuscularly due to poor oral absorption. Penicillin G may also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms.Natural penicillins are considered the drugs of choice for several infections caused by susceptible gram positive aerobic organisms, such as Streptococcus pneumoniae, groups A, B, C and G streptococci, nonenterococcal group D streptococci, viridans group streptococci, and non-penicillinase producing staphylococcus. Aminoglycosides may be added for synergy against group B streptococcus (S. agalactiae), S. viridans, and Enterococcus faecalis. The natural penicillins may also be used as first or second line agents against susceptible gram positive aerobic bacilli such as Bacillus anthracis, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae. Natural penicillins have limited activity against gram negative organisms; however, they may be used in some cases to treat infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis and Pasteurella. They are not generally used to treat anaerobic infections. Resistance patterns, susceptibility and treatment guidelines vary across regions.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of severe infections caused by penicillin G-susceptible microorganisms when rapid and high penicillin levels are required such as in the treatment of septicemia, meningitis, pericarditis, endocarditis and severe pneumonia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Haloprogin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Haloprogin is used as a topical ointment or cream in the treatment of Tinea infections. Tinea infections are superficial fungal infections caused by three species of fungi collectively known as dermatophytes (Trichophyton, Microsporum and Epidermophyton). Commonly these infections are named for the body part affected, including tinea corporis (general skin), tinea cruris (groin), and tinea pedis (feet). Haloprogin is a halogenated phenolic ether administered topically for dermotaphytic infections. The mechanism of action is unknown, but it is thought to be via inhibition of oxygen uptake and disruption of yeast membrane structure and function. Haloprogin is no longer available in the United States and has been discontinued. 
4. Indication:  Used to treat fungal (Tinea) skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, ringworm, and tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Moxifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxifloxacin is a synthetic fluoroquinolone antibiotic agent. Bayer AG developed the drug (initially called BAY 12-8039) and it is marketed worldwide (as the hydrochloride) under the brand name Avelox (in some countries also Avalox) for oral treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of sinus and lung infections such as sinusitis, pneumonia, and secondary infections in chronic bronchitis. Also for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis (pinkeye).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Suptavumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Suptavumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sparfloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sparfloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic used in the treatment of bacterial infections. Sparfloxacin exerts its antibacterial activity by inhibiting DNA gyrase, a bacterial topoisomerase. DNA gyrase is an essential enzyme which controls DNA topology and assists in DNA replication, repair, deactivation, and transcription.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults with the following infections caused by susceptible strains microorganisms: community-acquired pneumonia (caused by Chlamydia pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Haemophilus parainfluenzae, Moraxella catarrhalis, Mycoplasma pneumoniae, or Streptococcus pneumoniae) and acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis (caused by Chlamydia pneumoniae, Enterobacter cloacae, Haemophilus influenzae, Haemophilus parainfluenzae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Moraxella catarrhalis, Staphylococcus aureus, or Streptococcus pneumoniae).
