DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Siagoside
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Siagoside has been investigated for the treatment of Parkinson Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  anle138b
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  anle138b restores hippocampal synaptic and transcriptional plasticity as well as spatial memory in a mouse model for Alzheimer's disease, when given orally before or after the onset of pathology. [2]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Onercept
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and crohn's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Imiglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Alglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mirococept
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirococept (APT070) is a complement inhibitor currently under development for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and I/RI. It is a truncated form of the human Complement Receptor 1 (CR1) linked to a unique Prodaptin™ construct that regulates theover-production of complement at the cell surface, which occurs in inflammation. It consists of the first three short consensus domains of human complement receptor 1 (CR1), manufactured in recombinant bacteria and modified with a membrane-targeting amphiphilic peptide based on the naturally occurring membrane-bound myristoyl-electrostatic switch peptide.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection), kidney disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  1alpha-Hydroxyvitamin D5
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  1alpha-Hydroxyvitamin D5 (CARD-024) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Drug Safety and Heart; Disease, Activity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Clomocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clomocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of Brucellosis, mycoplasma infection, acne vulgaris, chlamydial infection;Chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Flunarizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Flunarizine is a selective calcium entry blocker with calmodulin binding properties and histamine H1 blocking activity. It is effective in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
4. Indication:  Used in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dirucotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dirucotide is a synthetic peptide that consists of 17 amino acids linked in a sequence identical to that of a portion of human myelin basic protein (MBP). Dirucotide has been developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Developed at the University of Alberta, dirucotide is being investigated by BioMS Medical Corp.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Doxercalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1α,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. Doxercalciferol is marketed under the brand name Hectoral by Genzyme Corporation, and is manufactured by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 
4. Indication:  Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Freselestat
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lymecycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A tetracycline with a 7-chloro substitution.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections and to treat acne. It may also be used to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. Lymecycline is also used commonly as a prophylactic treatment for infection by Bacillus anthracis (anthrax). It is also effective against Yersinia pestis and malaria and is also prescribed for the treatment of Lyme disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Icodextrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icodextrin is an iso-osmotic peritoneal dialysis solution containing glucose polymers. It is used primarily for ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for patients with end-stage renal disease. It is injected as a solution into the peritoneal cavity. The drug is absorbed via convective transport via peritoneal lymphatic pathways.
4. Indication:  Used for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients or automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for the management of end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Secukinumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Alirocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alirocumab is a biopharmaceutical drug approved by the FDA in July 2015 as a second line treatment for high cholesterol for adults whose LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) is not controlled by diet and statin treatment. It is a human monoclonal antibody administered by subcutaneous injection that belongs to a novel class of anti-cholesterol drugs, known as PCSK9 inhibitors, and it was the first such agent to receive FDA approval. The FDA approval was contingent on the completion of further clinical trials to better determine efficacy and safety. PCSK9 inhibition facilitates more LDL-C clearance from the blood.
4. Indication:  Alirocumab is indicated as an adjunct to diet and maximally tolerated statin therapy in adults who require additional LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering due to heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pentoxifylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with intermittent lameness or immobility arising from chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
