DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ciglitazone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ciglitazone (INN) is a thiazolidinedione. Developed by Takeda Pharmaceuticals in the early 1980s, it is considered the prototypical compound for the thiazolidinedione class.Ciglitazone was never used as a medication, but it sparked interest in the effects of thiazolidinediones. Several analogues were later developed, some of which—such as pioglitazone and troglitazone—made it to the market.Ciglitazone significantly decreases VEGF production by human granulosa cells in an in vitro study, and may potentially be used in ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome. Ciglitazone is a potent and selective PPARγ ligand. It binds to the PPARγ ligand-binding domain with an EC50 of 3.0 µM. Ciglitazone is active in vivo as an anti-hyperglycemic agent in the ob/ob murine model. Inhibits HUVEC differentiation and angiogenesis and also stimulates adipogenesis and decreases osteoblastogenesis in human mesenchymal stem cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Exenatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Exenatide, derived from a compound found in the saliva of the Gila monster, a large lizard native to the southwestern US, is a functional analog of Glucagon-Like Peptide-1 (GLP-1), a naturally occuring peptide.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to improve glycemic control in patients with Type 2 diabetes mellitus who are taking metformin, a sulfonylurea, or a combination of both, but have not achieved adequate glycemic control.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Vildagliptin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Talbutal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For use as a sedative and hypnotic.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Heptabarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Heptabarbital is an intermediate or short term barbiturate used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
4. Indication:  Used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Primidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antiepileptic agent related to the barbiturates; it is partly metabolized to phenobarbital in the body and owes some of its actions to this metabolite. Adverse effects are reported to be more frequent than with phenobarbital. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p309)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hexobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is effective as a hypnotic and sedative.
4. Indication:  For the induction of anesthesia prior to the use of other general anesthetic agents and for induction of anesthesia for short surgical, diagnostic, or therapeutic procedures associated with minimal painful stimuli.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pentobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting barbiturate that is effective as a sedative and hypnotic (but not as an anti-anxiety) agent and is usually given orally. It is prescribed more frequently for sleep induction than for sedation but, like similar agents, may lose its effectiveness by the second week of continued administration. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p236)
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Prazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Methsuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mesuximide (or methsuximide) is an anticonvulsant medication. It is sold by Pfizer under the name Petinutin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to other drugs.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium oxybate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium oxybate (Xyrem) is a central nervous system depressant used for the treatment of cataplexy and extreme daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy. It is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) which is an endogenous compound and a metabolite of the neurotransmitter GABA. The exact mechanism of action for treating EDS and cataplexy is not known but is is hypothesised that its therapeutic effects are due to GABA(B) effects on noradrenergic, dopaminaergic and thalamocorticol neurons. The drug follows non-linear pharmacokinetics. As it has been associated with misuse/abuse it is strictly controlled and all patients and prescribers must enroll in the sodium oxybate REMs program in order to gain access to the medication.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Secobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Secobarbital (marketed by Eli Lilly and Company under the brand names Seconal® and Tuinal) is a barbiturate derivative drug. It possesses anaesthetic, anticonvulsant, sedative and hypnotic properties. In the United Kingdom, it was known as Quinalbarbitone.
4. Indication:  For the Short-term treatment of intractable insomnia for patients habituated to barbiturates
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trimethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant effective in absence seizures, but generally reserved for refractory cases because of its toxicity. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p378)
4. Indication:  Used in the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Olive oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oil extracted from olives [1]. Consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids linoleic, oleic and palmitic. Used as a source of fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition and as an additive in some cosmetic products [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in adults as a source of calories and fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition [FDA Label]. Sometimes used as an additive in cosmetic products.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Fenfluramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fenfluramine was withdrawn from the U.S. market in 1997 after reports of heart valve disease and pulmonary hypertension, including a condition known as cardiac fibrosis.
4. Indication:  For the management of exogenous obesity as a short-term (a few weeks) adjunct in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Methaqualone
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Methaqualone is a sedative-hypnotic drug that is similar in effect to barbiturates, a general central nervous system depressant. The sedative-hypnotic activity was first noted by Indian researchers in the 1950s and in 1962 methaqualone itself was patented in the US by Wallace and Tiernan. Its use peaked in the early 1970s as a hypnotic, for the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant. It has also been used illegally as a recreational drug, commonly known as Quaaludes, Sopors, Ludes or Mandrax (particularly in the 1970s in North America) depending on the manufacturer. Since at least 2001, it has been widely used in South Africa, where it is commonly referred to as "smarties" or "geluk-tablette" (meaning happy tablets). Clandestinely produced methaqualone is still seized by government agencies and police forces around the world. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia, and as a sedative and muscle relaxant.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ethotoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethotoin is a hydantoin derivative and anticonvulsant. Ethotoin exerts an antiepileptic effect without causing general central nervous system depression. The mechanism of action is probably very similar to that of phenytoin. The latter drug appears to stabilize rather than to raise the normal seizure threshold, and to prevent the spread of seizure activity rather than to abolish the primary focus of seizure discharges. Ethotoin is no longer commonly used. 
4. Indication:  For the control of tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor) seizures.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cinolazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Cinolazepam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety or anxiety associated with depressive symptoms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Thiamylal
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anesthesia, or for inducing a hypnotic state. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p919)
4. Indication:  Used for the production of complete anaesthesia of short duration, for the induction of general anaesthesia, and for inducing a hypnotic state.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Practolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist that has been used in the emergency treatment of cardiac arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the emergency treatment of cardiac arrhythmias.
