DrugId:  1
1. Name:  DLO6001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DL6001 is developed by DanioLabs using proprietary zebrafish technology to treat Parkinson’s disease symptoms including sialorrhoea and hyperhidrosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate is a quaternary ammonium anticholinergic. It binds muscarinic acetycholine receptors and thereby decreases secretory excretion of stomach acids as well as saliva and sweat.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric hyperacidity, and hypermotility in gastritis and pylorospasm, and in the treatment of hyperhidrosis (excessive perspiration).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propantheline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in rhinitis, in urinary incontinence, and in the treatment of ulcers. At high doses it has nicotinic effects resulting in neuromuscular blocking. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis. It has also been used for hyperhidrosis, and cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines or bladder.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methylnaltrexone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methylnaltrexone is a pheriphally-acting μ-opioid antagonists that acts on the gastrointestinal tract to decrease opioid-induced constipation without producing analgesic effects or withdrawal symptoms. It is also a weak CYP2D6 inhibitor. FDA approved in 2008. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of opioids induced constipation in palliative patients that are inadequately responding to laxative therapy. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Milnacipran
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Milnacipran is an antidepressant of the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor class. It more potently inhibits norepinephrine uptake than serotonin. It is provided as a racemic mixture. FDA approved in January 2009. 
4. Indication:  Milnacipran is used to treat moderate to severe clinical depression but this indication is not yet FDA-approved in the USA. Milnacipran is labelled for the treatment of fibromyalgia pain. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ospemifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ospemifene is a new selective non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is used for the treatment of moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause. FDA approved on February 26, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ospemifene is used for the treatment of moderate to dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cervical dystonia in adults to decrease the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia. Also for the treatment of severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis that is inadequately managed with topical agents and for the treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm associated with dystonia, including benign essential blepharospasm or VII nerve disorders in patients 12 years of age and above. Also used cosmetically to temporarily improve the appearance of moderate-to-severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines) as well as for the treatment of excessive underarm sweating.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Levomilnacipran
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levomilnacipran is a selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. Chemically, levomilnacipran is the 1S,2R-enantiomer of milnacipran. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Levomilnacipran is a serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor and is indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lubiprostone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lubiprostone is a medication used in the management of idiopathic chronic constipation. It is a bicyclic fatty acid (prostaglandin E1 derivative) which acts by specifically activating ClC-2 chloride channels on the apical aspect of gastrointestinal epithelial cells, producing a chloride-rich fluid secretion. These secretions soften the stool, increase motility, and promote spontaneous bowel movements (SBM).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation in the adult population. Also used for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with constipation in women who are 18 years of age or older.
