DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Prasterone sulfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DHEA sulfate is the major steroid of the fetal adrenal. DHEA-S is the principal adrenal androgen and is secreted together with cortisol under the control of ACTH and prolactin. DHEA-S is elevated with hyperprolactinemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pimavanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis, and is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication. It is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Thiethylperazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  A dopamine antagonist that is particularly useful in treating the nausea and vomiting associated with anesthesia, mildly emetic cancer chemotherapy agents, radiation therapy, and toxins. This piperazine phenothiazine does not prevent vertigo or motion sickness. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p457)
4. Indication:  For the treatment or relief of nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Promazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. Promazine is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct for short term treatment of moderate and severe psychomotor agitation. Also used to treat agitation or restlessness in the elderly.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Quinagolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Quinagolide is a non-ergot-derived selective dopamine D2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of elevated levels of prolactin or hyperprolactinaemia. Hyperprolalctinaemia is associated with gonadal dysfunction, including infertility and reduced libido, as well as long-term complications such as osteoporosis [1]. Newer dopamine receptor agonists such as quinagolide and Cabergoline are shown to effectively inhibit prolactin secretion with improved efficacy over Bromocriptine. These drugs are effective in patients who are intolerant or resistant to Bromocriptine. Quinagolide exists as a racemate and its relevant clinical activity is mediated predominantly by the (-) enantiomer. It is typically present in the hydrochloride salt form and is marketed as oral tablets under the brand name Norprolac contained as a racemate. Quinagolide is currently available in several countries including Canada, but not approved for treatment in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of hyperprolactinemia (idiopathic or originating from a prolactin-secreting pituitary microadenoma or macroadenoma).
