DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Metrizoic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium. Owing to its high osmolality, metrizoic acid has a risk of inducing allergic reactions compared to lower osmolar contrast media. Its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. One study in 1976 demonstrated that metrizoic acid, when used for cardiac angiography, was well tolerated. A total of 10, 000 injections were administered to 2,028 patients undergoing angiocardiographic procedures over a three-year period. With two exceptions, all complications occurred during injection of the right coronary artery. Seven cases of ventricular fibrillation, and 5 of significant bradycardia/asystole, were associated with metrizoic acid injection. In general, the drug was well tolerated by patients during cardiac examinations [A32901].
4. Indication:  For use as a contrast medium [2].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ajmaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. Ajmaline produces potent sodium channel blocking effects and a very short half-life which makes it a very useful drug for acute intravenous treatments. The drug has been very popular in some countries for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with the Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome and in well tolerated monomorphic ventricular tachycardias. It has also been used for many years as a drug to challenge the conduction system of the heart in cases of bundle branch block and syncope. In these cases, abnormal prolongation of the HV interval has been taken as a proof for infrahisian conduction defects tributary for permanent pacemaker implantation.
4. Indication:  For use as an antiarrhythmic agent.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Candesartan cilexetil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is administered orally as the prodrug, candesartan cilexetil, which is rapidly converted to its active metabolite, candesartan, during absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Candesartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Candesartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Losartan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Losartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. Losartan and its longer acting metabolite, E-3174, lower blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); they compete with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Losartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. 
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nifedipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nifedipine has been formulated as both a long- and short-acting 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nifedipine prevents calcium-dependent myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. A second proposed mechanism for the drug’s vasodilatory effects involves pH-dependent inhibition of calcium influx via inhibition of smooth muscle carbonic anhydrase. Nifedipine is used to treat hypertension and chronic stable angina.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina, hypertension, and Raynaud's phenomenon. May be used as a first line agent for left ventricular hypertrophy and isolated systolic hypertension (long-acting agents). 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Epoprostenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A prostaglandin that is a powerful vasodilator and inhibits platelet aggregation. It is biosynthesized enzymatically from prostaglandin endoperoxides in human vascular tissue. The sodium salt has been also used to treat primary pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the long-term intravenous treatment of primary pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary hypertension associated with the scleroderma spectrum of disease in NYHA Class III and Class IV patients who do not respond adequately to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Treprostinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Treprostinil is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, used to treat pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For use as a continuous subcutaneous infusion or intravenous infusion (for those not able to tolerate a subcutaneous infusion) for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in patients with NYHA Class II-IV symptoms to diminish symptoms associated with exercise.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bretylium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bretylium blocks the release of noradrenaline from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. The primary mode of action for bretylium is thought to be inhibition of voltage-gated K(+) channels. Recent evidence has shown that bretylium may also inhibit the Na,K-ATPase by binding to the extracellular K-site.
4. Indication:  For use in the prophylaxis and therapy of ventricular fibrillation. Also used in the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, such as ventricular tachycardia, that have failed to respond to adequate doses of a first-line antiarrhythmic agent, such as lidocaine.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Valsartan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valsartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used to treat a variety of cardiac conditions including hypertension, diabetic nephropathy and heart failure. Valsartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Valsartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Macitentan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age. 
4. Indication:  Macitentan is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Amiodarone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antianginal and antiarrhythmic drug. It increases the duration of ventricular and atrial muscle action by inhibiting Na,K-activated myocardial adenosine triphosphatase. There is a resulting decrease in heart rate and in vascular resistance. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Intravenously, for initiation of treatment and prophylaxis of frequently recurring ventricular fibrillation and hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia in patients refractory to other therapy. Orally, for the treatment of life-threatening recurrent ventricular arrhythmias such as recurrent ventricular fibrillation and recurrent hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  T131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  T131, an orally-administered therapy, is expected to lower blood glucose in type II diabetic patients by improving the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is a selective modulator of PPARg (peroxisome proliferator activated receptor gamma), a receptor involved in regulating the body’s ability to respond to insulin. T131 is not structurally related to the thiazolidinedione class of PPARg agonists, which includes Actos and Avandia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetrofosmin was developed to overcome the non-target uptake of radioligands by the generation of hetero-atomic compounds. It presents a molecular formula of 1,2-bis(bis(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino)ethane. Tetrofosmin is part of the group of diphosphines. The sell of tetrofosmin in a freeze-dried kit is FDA approved and it is always accompanied by technetium Tc-99m as a radiopharmaceutical.[1]
4. Indication:  Tetrofosmin is indicated to be used as a complex with technetium Tc-99m for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium following separate administrations under exercise and/or resting conditions. It helps in the delineation of regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in absence of infarcted myocardium.[4]This complex is also used for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium to identify changes in perfusion induced by pharmacologic stress in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease.[4]This complex is indicated for the assessment of left ventricular function in patients evaluated for heart disease.[4]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tocainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmic agent which exerts a potential- and frequency-dependent block of sodium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, that, in the judgment of the physician, are life-threatening.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sotalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm [delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter (AFIB/AFL)] in patients with symptomatic AFIB/AFL who are currently in sinus rhythm. Also for the treatment of documented life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Indecainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indecainide is a rarely used antidysrhythmic. Indecainide has local anesthetic activity and belongs to the membrane stabilizing (Class 1) group of antiarrhythmic agents; it has electrophysiologic effects characteristic of the IC class of antiarrhythmics.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening dysrhythmias and sustained ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ozarelix
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozarelix has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Benign Prostatic Hypertrophy, and Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly is a coordination complex that consists of of aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrate and glycine. It is an active antiperspirant agent in deodorant products. It diffuses into the sweat pores and block sweat from leaving the pores. The anhydrous form of the compound has water-absorbing properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
