DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Gemfibrozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A lipid-regulating agent that lowers elevated serum lipids primarily by decreasing serum triglycerides with a variable reduction in total cholesterol. These decreases occur primarily in the VLDL fraction and less frequently in the LDL fraction. Gemfibrozil increases HDL subfractions HDL2 and HDL3 as well as apolipoproteins A-I and A-II. Its mechanism of action has not been definitely established. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adult patients with very high elevations of serum triglyceride levels (types IV and V hyperlipidemia) who are at risk of developing pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) and who do not respond adequately to a strict diet.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  KRP-104
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KRP-104 is a compound for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is an orally active, dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPPIV) inhibitor which lowers blood glucose levels by blocking the degradation of the hormone GLP-1 thereby stimulating glucose-dependent insulin secretion and lowering blood glucose levels without hypoglycemic effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PSN9301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN9301 is an oral small molecule inhibitor of Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DP-IV), being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. PSN9301 has a very rapid onset and a relatively short duration of action, and available pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that it may be an ideal product candidate for meal-related dosing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Clofibrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fibric acid derivative used in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemia type III and severe hypertriglyceridemia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p986)
4. Indication:  For Primary Dysbetalipoproteinemia (Type III hyperlipidemia) that does not respond adequately to diet. This helps control high cholesterol and high triglyceride levels. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Mesobiliverdin Iv Alpha
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lifibrol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lifibrol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Hyperlipoproteinemia and Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Atl146e
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL146e is an anti-inflammatory compounds which is an agonist of A2A adenosine receptors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Vildagliptin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diatrizoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A commonly used x-ray contrast medium. As diatrizoate meglumine and as Diatrizoate sodium, it is used for gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used, alone or in combination, for a wide variety of diagnostic imaging methods, including angiography, urography, cholangiography, computed tomography, hysterosalpingography, and retrograde pyelography. It can be used for imaging the gastrointestinal tract in patients allergic to barium.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Besifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Besifloxacin is a fourth generation fluoroquinolone-type opthalmic antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. FDA approved on May 28, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis. Bacterial isolates that are susceptible to besifloxacin include: CDC coryneform group G; Corynebacterium pseudodiphtheriticum; Corynebacterium striatum; Haemophilus influenzae; Moraxella lacunata; Staphylococcus aureus; Staphylococcus epidermidis; Staphylococcus hominis; Staphylococcus lugdunensis; Streptococcus mitis group; Streptococcus oralis; Streptococcus pneumoniae; Streptococcus salivarius* 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Teneligliptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Teneligliptin has been investigated for the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Omarigliptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omarigliptin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus and Chronic Renal Insufficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dulaglutide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dulaglutide is a novel glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug consisting of a dipeptidyl peptidase-IV-protected GLP-1 analogue covalently linked to a human IgG4-Fc heavy chain by a small peptide linker. Dulaglutide is indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and can be used once a week. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014. Dulaglutide is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lily under the brand Trulicity™. It is not known if dulaglutide can increase the risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2, and is thus not recommended for use in populations with a personal or family history of these conditions. 
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tarextumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tarextumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Stage IV Pancreatic Cancer, and Stage IV Small Cell Lung Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Urokinase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Low molecular weight form of human urokinase, that consists of an A chain of 2,000 daltons linked by a sulfhydryl bond to a B chain of 30,400 daltons. Recombinant urokinase plasminogen activator
4. Indication:  Urokinase can be used for the treatment of pulminary embolism, coronary artery thrombosis, IV catheter clearance, and venous and arterial blood clots.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pancuronium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bis-quaternary steroid that is a competitive nicotinic antagonist. As a neuromuscular blocking agent it is more potent than curare but has less effect on the circulatory system and on histamine release.
4. Indication:  Used as a muscle relaxant during anesthesia and surgical procedures.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Clotiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Clotiazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative, not approved for sale in the U.S. or Canada, but has been approved in the U.K. It is a schedule IV drug in Canada.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Prazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Muromonab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Murine monoclonal antibody specific to CD3 T-cell lymphocyte antigens. More specifically it is a purified murine (mouse) monoclonal antibody, directed against the CD3 (T3) receptor on the surface of human T-cells (T-lymphocytes) cultured using the murine ascites method. Muromonab is 93% monomeric immune globulin G type 2a (IgG2a).
4. Indication:  For treatment of organ transplant recipients, prevention of organ rejection
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Aminophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aminophylline is a drug combination that contains theophylline and ethylenediamine in a 2:1 ratio. Once in the body, theophylline is released and acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Similar to other theophyllines, aminophylline is indicated for the treatment of lung diseases such as asthma, chronic bronchitis, and COPD. The majority of aminophylline medications are discontinued and the remaining medications on the market are in short supply.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm due to asthma, emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Selegiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase. It is used in newly diagnosed patients with Parkinson's disease. It may slow progression of the clinical disease and delay the requirement for levodopa therapy. It also may be given with levodopa upon onset of disability. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p385) The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl.
4. Indication:  Monotherapy for initial treatment of Parkinson's disease, as well as an adjunct therapy in patients with a decreased response to levodopa/carbadopa. Also used for the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease and at higher doses, for the treatment of depression.
