DrugId:  1
1. Name:  SPP1148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bamosiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Terbogrel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Terbogrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Pulmonary.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PF-00489791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-00489791 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Raynaud's Disease, Diabetic Nephropathies, Hypertension, Pulmonary, and Peripheral Vascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cryptenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cryptenamine is a mixture of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). It has been used in the treatment of hypertension but has largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. Cryptenamine has a marked and re-producible depressor effect when given intravenously to hypertensive patients, however the mechanism of action is not known.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Actelion-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actelion-1 is a tissue-targeting Endothelin Receptor Antagonist that has been discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Quinethazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension. Common side effects include dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and low potassium levels.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Benzthiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzthiazide is used to treat hypertension and edema. Like other thiazides, benzthiazide promotes water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na+/Cl- reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Forasartan
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Forasartan, a specific angiotensin II antagonist, is used alone or with other antihypertensive agents to treat hypertension. Forasartan competes with angiotensin II for binding at the AT1 receptor subtype. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor which also stimulates the synthesis and release of aldosterone, blockage of its effects results in a decreases in systemic vascular resistance.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Bethanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanidinium antihypertensive agent that acts by blocking adrenergic transmission.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Chlorphentermine
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent that was formerly used as an anorectic. It has properties similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been implicated in lipid storage disorders and pulmonary hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1223)
4. Indication:  Used as an appetite suppressant.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iloprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iloprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin PGI2. Iloprost dilates systemic and pulmonary arterial vascular beds. It is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hydroflumethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p822)
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. Also used in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Trichlormethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phenoxybenzamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of phaeochromocytoma (malignant), benign prostatic hypertrophy and malignant essential hypertension.
