DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Enalapril
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Enalapril is a prodrug that belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is rapidly metabolized in the liver to enalaprilat following oral administration. Enalaprilat is a potent, competitive inhibitor of ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Enalapril may be used to treat essential or renovascular hypertension and symptomatic congestive heart failure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential or renovascular hypertension and symptomatic congestive heart failure. It may be used alone or in combination with thiazide diuretics.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Captopril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Captopril is a potent, competitive inhibitor of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Captopril may be used in the treatment of hypertension. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential or renovascular hypertension (usually administered with other drugs, particularly thiazide diuretics). May be used to treat congestive heart failure in combination with other drugs (e.g. cardiac glycosides, diuretics, β-adrenergic blockers). May improve survival in patients with left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction. May be used to treat nephropathy, including diabetic nephropathy. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SPP1148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bamosiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Terbogrel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Terbogrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Pulmonary.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  PF-00489791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-00489791 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Raynaud's Disease, Diabetic Nephropathies, Hypertension, Pulmonary, and Peripheral Vascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Actelion-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actelion-1 is a tissue-targeting Endothelin Receptor Antagonist that has been discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cryptenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cryptenamine is a mixture of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). It has been used in the treatment of hypertension but has largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. Cryptenamine has a marked and re-producible depressor effect when given intravenously to hypertensive patients, however the mechanism of action is not known.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Quinethazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension. Common side effects include dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and low potassium levels.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hypertension.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Bethanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanidinium antihypertensive agent that acts by blocking adrenergic transmission.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Chlorphentermine
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent that was formerly used as an anorectic. It has properties similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been implicated in lipid storage disorders and pulmonary hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1223)
4. Indication:  Used as an appetite suppressant.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Hydroflumethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p822)
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. Also used in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Forasartan
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Forasartan, a specific angiotensin II antagonist, is used alone or with other antihypertensive agents to treat hypertension. Forasartan competes with angiotensin II for binding at the AT1 receptor subtype. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor which also stimulates the synthesis and release of aldosterone, blockage of its effects results in a decreases in systemic vascular resistance.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Iloprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iloprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin PGI2. Iloprost dilates systemic and pulmonary arterial vascular beds. It is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  PF-03187207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-03187207 is a nitric oxide-donating prostaglandin F2-alpha analogs for the potential treatment of glaucoma. Based on the very promising preclinical results and on the well-known activities of nitric oxide, PF-03187207 is expected to have an increased capacity to reduce high IOP. The development of abnormally high IOP, due to blockage or malfunction of systems controlling the amount of fluid in the eye, is believed to be one of the principal causes of glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in glaucoma and ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Phenoxybenzamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of phaeochromocytoma (malignant), benign prostatic hypertrophy and malignant essential hypertension.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Bevantolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bevantolol is a beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to be as effective as other beta blockers for the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. Mechanism of Action Animal experiments confirm both agonist and antagonist effects on alpha-receptors, in addition to antagonist activity at beta-1 receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension.
