DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CRx-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CRx-401 is a novel insulin sensitizer designed to provide anti-diabetic activity without promoting weight gain. It consists of a low dose of the analgesic diflunisal in conjunction with a modified-release therapeutic dose of bezafibrate, an anti-cholesterol agent. In third-party clinical studies, the dose of bezafibrate contained in CRx-401 has been observed to have a positive impact on cellular pathways that influence glycemic and lipid profiles, and this dose has proven to be well tolerated in clinical trials. Unlike other NSAIDs, or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, the dose of diflunisal in CRx-401 has demonstrated in preclinical studies the ability to synergistically enhance the anti-diabetic effects of bezafibrate through novel disease-targeted mechanisms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Miglitol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglitol is an oral anti-diabetic drug that acts by inhibiting the ability of the patient to breakdown complex carbohydrates into glucose. It is primarily used in diabetes mellitus type 2 for establishing greater glycemic control by preventing the digestion of carbohydrates (such as disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides) into monosaccharides which can be absorbed by the body.Miglitol inhibits glycoside hydrolase enzymes called alpha-glucosidases. Since miglitol works by preventing digestion of carbohydrates, it lowers the degree of postprandial hyperglycemia. It must be taken at the start of main meals to have maximal effect. Its effect will depend on the amount of non-monosaccharide carbohydrates in a person's diet.In contrast to acarbose (another alpha-glucosidase inhibitor), miglitol is systemically absorbed; however, it is not metabolized and is excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet to improve glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) whose hyperglycemia cannot be managed with diet alone.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Zenarestat
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Propylhexedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.
4. Indication:  It is used to provide temporary symptomatic relief of nasal congestion due to colds, allergies and allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Saccharin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Saccharin has been investigated for the treatment of Hypertension and Hyperglycemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Crocin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Crocin has been investigated for the treatment of Hyperglycemia, Metabolic Syndrome, Hypertriglyceridemia, and Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vildagliptin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pasireotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pasireotide is a synthetic long-acting cyclic hexapeptide with somatostatin-like activity. It is marketed as a diaspartate salt called Signifor, which is used in the treatment of Cushing's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Cushing’s disease, specifically for those patients whom pituitary surgery has not been curative or is not an option.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Brexpiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brexpiprazole is a novel D2 dopamine and serotonin 1A partial agonist, called serotonin-dopamine activity modulator (SDAM), and a potent antagonist of serotonin 2A receptors, noradrenergic alpha 1B and 2C receptors. Brexpiprazole is approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Although it failed Phase II clinical trials for ADHD, it has been designed to provide improved efficacy and tolerability (e.g., less akathisia, restlessness and/or insomnia) over established adjunctive treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD).
4. Indication:  As an adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) and for treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Arsenic trioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Arsenic trioxide is a chemotheraputic agent of idiopathic function used to treat leukemia that is unresponsive to first line agents. It is suspected that arsenic trisulfide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis. Due to the toxic nature of arsenic, this drug carries significant health risks. The enzyme thioredoxin reductase has recently been identified as a target for arsenic trioxide.
4. Indication:  For induction of remission and consolidation in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), and whose APL is characterized by the presence of the t(15;17) translocation or PML/RAR-alpha gene expression
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cortisone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein transcortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid-binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Leuprolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Leuprolide belongs to the general class of drugs known as hormones or hormone antagonists. It is a synthetic 9 residue peptide analog of gonadotropin releasing hormone. Leuprolide is used to treat advanced prostate cancer. It is also used to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis. Leuprolide is also under investigation for possible use in the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Etonogestrel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Etonogestrel is a molecule used in hormonal contraceptives, most notably the subdermal implant Implanon.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive (depot).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Mestranol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-methyl ether of ethinyl estradiol. It must be demethylated to be biologically active. It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Mestranol was used as one of the first oral contraceptives.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Diazoxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzothiadiazine derivative that is a peripheral vasodilator used for hypertensive emergencies. It lacks diuretic effect, apparently because it lacks a sulfonamide group. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used parentally to treat hypertensive emergencies. Also used to treat hypoglycemia secondary to insulinoma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Articaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Articaine is a dental local anesthetic. It is the most widely used local anesthetic in a number of European countries and is available in many countries around the world.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ziprasidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain FDA approval (February 2001). Ziprasidone is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and the intramuscular injection form of ziprasidone is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients. Ziprasidone has also received approval for acute treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Acarbose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An inhibitor of alpha glucosidase that retards the digestion and absorption of carbohydrates in the small intestine and hence reduces the increase in blood-glucose concentrations after a carbohydrate load. It is given orally to non-insulin dependent diabetes mellitus patients where diet modification or oral hypoglycemic agents do not control their condition. (From Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of diabetes type II (used in combination therapy as a second or third line agent)
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bumetanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sulfamyl diuretic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic and renal disease including the nephrotic syndrome.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Iloperidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. made initial inquiries into the drug; however, in May 1996, they discontinued research, and in June 1997 gave research rights to Titan Pharmaceuticals. Titan then handed over worldwide development, manufacturing and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals announced that the Phase III development rights have been acquired by Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lurasidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic developed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of schizophrenia on October 29, 2010 and is currently pending approval for the treatment of bipolar disorder in the United States. (Wikipedia)
4. Indication:  Treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Medrogestone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Medrogestone (INN), also known as 6,17α-dimethyl-6-dehydroprogesterone, is a progestational agent derived from 17-methylprogesterone. It was conceived as an alternative for an orally effective option.[1] It was developed by Ayerst, approved in Canada in 1969 and its current status is cancelled post-marketing.[7] It was never approved by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Medrogestone is indicated as adjunct to treat endometial shedding in menopausal women, to treat secondary amenorrhea, to induce menses and to treat dysfunctional uterine bleeding in adult and adolescent women.[2]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Fludrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic mineralocorticoid with anti-inflammatory activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For partial replacement therapy for primary and secondary adrenocortical insufficiency in Addison's disease and for the treatment of salt-losing adrenogenital syndrome.
