DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Etravirine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etravirine is an antiretroviral agent more specifically classified as a Non-Nucleoside Reverse Transcriptase Inhibitor(NNRTI). Etraverine is used clinically for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection.On January 18, 2007, the FDA granted accelerated approved for the use of etravirine 100mg tablets in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infection documented to be resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. On March 26, 2012, approval was extended for use in treatment-experienced pediatric patients 6 to 18 years of age, weighing at least 16 kg. Etravarine must always be used in combination with other antiretroviral drugs. Etravirine exerts its effects via direct inhibition of the reverse transcriptase enzyme of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1), and consequently blocks DNA-dependent and RNA-dependent polymerase activity. Etravirine does not inhibit human DNA polymerase alpha, beta or gamma. Common side effects of use include mild to moderate rash within the first 6 weeks of therapy, nausea, diarrhea and peripheral neuropathy. Patients are advised to immediately contact their healthcare provider if a rash develops. In 2009, postmarketing case reports of Stevens-Johnson Syndrome, toxic epidermal necrolysis, erythema multiforme, and other hypersensitivity reactions lead to a revision of etravirine's "Warnings and Precautions," as well as notification of health care providers. In 2013, reports of Autoimmune disorders (such as Graves’ disease, polymyositis, and Guillain-Barrésyndrome) in the setting of immune reconstitution, as well as more in depth information about the development of rashes in patients taking etravirine, lead to a modification of etravirine's monograph.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct therapy in the treatment of adult HIV-1 infections resistant to therapy with other NNRTIs and antiretroviral agents. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dimiracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dimiracetam has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIDS, Neuropathy, and Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ibalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibalizumab (also known as ibalizumab-uiyk and formerly known as TNX-355) is a monoclonal antibody that binds to CD4 receptors on the surface of CD4-positive cells, preventing HIV particle entry into the lymphocytes. It is an advanced and current antibody in development for the treatment of HIV/AIDS. It has been developed by Taimed biologics and Theratechnologies [8, 5].This drug was approved in March 2018 for the management of treatment-resistant HIV [5].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) infection in highly treatment-experienced adults with multidrug-resistant HIV-1 infection failing their current antiretroviral regimen [FDA Label].The approval of Trogarzo was supported by a clinical trial of 40 treatment-experienced adults with MDR HIV-1 infection who persistently had elevated levels of HIV RNA in their blood despite heavy antiretroviral therapy. The majority of study patients had previously been treated with ≥10 antiretroviral medications [5].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PRO-542
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 542 belongs to a new class of drugs, viral-entry inhibitor, which is intended to prevent HIV from entering and infecting cells. PRO 542 (CD4-immunoglobulin G2) is a tetravalent CD4-immunoglobulin fusion protein that broadly neutralizes primary HIV-1 isolates. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, HIV infection, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tifuvirtide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tifuvirtide is the first members of a new class of anti-HIV drugs which is also called fusion inhibitors. It has received fast track designation from the FDA and is in Phase I/II clinical testing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections and HIV infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Immune Globulin Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.
4. Indication:  IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. These indications includes idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Kawasaki disease, hypogammaglobulinemia, B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, bone marrow transplant complications, Guillain-Barré syndrome, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, myesthenia gravis, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and inflammatory skin diseases.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  DDP733
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cabotegravir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cabotegravir has been investigated for the treatment of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Foscarnet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral agent used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis. Foscarnet also shows activity against human herpesviruses and HIV. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of CMV retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) and for treatment of acyclovir-resistant mucocutaneous HSV infections in immunocompromised patients.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Saquinavir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An HIV protease inhibitor which acts as an analog of an HIV protease cleavage site. It is a highly specific inhibitor of HIV-1 and HIV-2 proteases. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV-1 with advanced immunodeficiency together with antiretroviral nucleoside analogues.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lamivudine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A reverse transcriptase inhibitor and zalcitabine analog in which a sulfur atom replaces the 3' carbon of the pentose ring. It is used to treat Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) and hepatitis B (HBV).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV infection and chronic hepatitis B (HBV).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cidofovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cidofovir is an injectable antiviral medication for the treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with AIDS. It suppresses CMV replication by selective inhibition of viral DNA synthesis. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of CMV retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Stavudine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dideoxynucleoside analog that inhibits reverse transcriptase and has in vitro activity against HIV. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of human immunovirus (HIV) infections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Elvitegravir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elvitegravir is a human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) integrase strand transfer inhibitor (INSTI) used for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults. Because integrase is necessary for viral replication, inhibition prevents the integration of HIV-1 DNA into the host genome and thereby blocks the formation of the HIV-1 provirus and resulting propagation of the viral infection. Although available as a single dose tablet, elvitegravir must be used in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and another antiretroviral drug.It was developed by the pharmaceutical company Gilead Sciences, which licensed EVG from Japan Tobacco in March 2008. The drug gained approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 27, 2012 for use in adult patients starting HIV treatment for the first time as part of the fixed dose combination known as Stribild. On September 24, 2014 the FDA approved Elvitegravir (tradename Vitekta) as a single pill formulation.
4. Indication:  Elvitegravir in combination with an HIV protease inhibitor coadministered with ritonavir and with other antiretroviral drug(s) is indicated for the treatment of HIV-1 infection in antiretroviral treatment-experienced adults.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  One of the short-acting sulfonamides used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatic fever and meningococcal meningitis
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  GSK-364735
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GSK-364735 (Naphthyridinone) has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV-1 Infection and Infection, Human Immunodeficiency Virus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Abacavir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abacavir (ABC) is a powerful nucleoside analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NRTI) used to treat HIV and AIDS. Chemically, it is a synthetic carbocyclic nucleoside and is the enantiomer with 1S, 4R absolute configuration on the cyclopentene ring. In vivo, abacavir sulfate dissociates to its free base, abacavir.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV-1 infection, in combination with other antiretroviral agents.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nevirapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) used in combination with nucleoside analogues for treatment of Human Immunodeficiency Virus Type 1 (HIV-1) infection and AIDS. [PubChem] Structurally, nevirapine belongs to the dipyridodiazepinone chemical class. 
4. Indication:  For use in combination with other antiretroviral drugs in the ongoing treatment of HIV-1 infection.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Efavirenz
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efavirenz (brand names Sustiva® and Stocrin®) is a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) and is used as part of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) for the treatment of a human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1.For HIV infection that has not previously been treated, efavirenz and lamivudine in combination with zidovudine or tenofovir is the preferred NNRTI-based regimen.Efavirenz is also used in combination with other antiretroviral agents as part of an expanded postexposure prophylaxis regimen to prevent HIV transmission for those exposed to materials associated with a high risk for HIV transmission.
4. Indication:  For use in combination treatment of HIV infection (AIDS)
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Atazanavir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Atazanavir (formerly known as BMS-232632) is an antiretroviral drug of the protease inhibitor (PI) class. Like other antiretrovirals, it is used to treat infection of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV). Atazanavir is distinguished from other PIs in that it can be given once-daily (rather than requiring multiple doses per day) and has lesser effects on the patient's lipid profile (the amounts of cholesterol and other fatty substances in the blood). Like other protease inhibitors, it is used only in combination with other HIV medications. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved atazanavir on June 20, 2003. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection, as well as postexposure prophylaxis of HIV infection in individuals who have had occupational or nonoccupational exposure to potentially infectious body fluids of a person known to be infected with HIV when that exposure represents a substantial risk for HIV transmission.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dulaglutide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dulaglutide is a novel glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug consisting of a dipeptidyl peptidase-IV-protected GLP-1 analogue covalently linked to a human IgG4-Fc heavy chain by a small peptide linker. Dulaglutide is indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and can be used once a week. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014. Dulaglutide is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lily under the brand Trulicity™. It is not known if dulaglutide can increase the risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2, and is thus not recommended for use in populations with a personal or family history of these conditions. 
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
