DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Incadronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Incadronic acid is a third generation bisphosphonate which can suppress bone resorption by osteoclasts. It is used to treat hypercalcemia, and bone disorders associated with malignancy and osteoporosis. In rats with induced hypercalcemia, incadronate has been found to be 46 times more potent than pamidronate and 11 times more potent than aledronate.Incadronate has also been found to have anti-tumor effects in mice. In rat models of breast cancer, bisphosphonate treatment has been shown to inhibit the progression and development of bone metastases and reduce tumor burden in vivo. It has also been recognized as a potential treatment for adult T-cell leukaemia which is characterized by hypercalcemia and tumor-induced osteolysis. [2] Incadronate, as well as other nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, such as aledronate and minodronate, have been found to induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells. In vitro human myeloma cells have undergone apoptosis when exposed to incadronate. [5] When combined with Tipifarnib, a potent farnesyl transferase inhibitor which can suppress the growth of myeloma cells, growth suppression of myeloma cells in vitro is intensified. [6] Because of these findings Incadronate is being investigated as a treatment for multiple myeloma, a B-cell malignancy associated with bone loss. Incadronate is available by prescription only, and is not marked is the United States, UK, Canada, or Australia. It is an approved treatment for malignancy-associated hypercalcemia (MAH) in Japan.[8]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia associated with malignant disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium cellulose phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium cellulose phosphate is a drug used to treat hypercalcemia and hypercalciuria. It has been used to prevent kidney stones. [1]This compound is an ion-exchange resin that can not be absorbed by the body. However, it can be used to restore the normal intestinal calcium absorption. When it is taken orally, it binds strongly to calcium and inhibits its absorption into the blood. From there, inhibition is caused due to the lower intraluminal calcium levels, which is typically available for absorption. [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Inecalcitol
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in prostate cancer, psoriasis and hyperparathyroidism.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Plicamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Plicamycin is an antineoplastic antibiotic produced by Streptomyces plicatus. It has been used in the treatment of testicular cancer, Paget's disease of bone, and, rarely, the management of hypercalcemia. The manufacturer discontinued plicamycin in 2000.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of testicular cancer, as well as hypercalcemia and hypercalciuria associated with a variety of advanced forms of cancer.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Calcium Acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The chemical compound calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. An older name is acetate of lime. The anhydrous form is very hygroscopic, therefore the monohydrate is the common form. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Calcium acetate is one of a number of calcium salts used to treat hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Etidronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits ectopic calcification and slows down bone resorption and bone turnover.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease of bone and in the prevention and treatment of heterotopic ossification following total hip replacement or due to spinal cord injury.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gallium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gallium nitrate is a drug that is used to treat hyper-calcemia, or too much calcium in the blood. This condition may occur when individuals develop various types of cancer. Gallium nitrate is also known by the common brand name Ganite.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia. Also intended for the treatment of non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Drostanolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Drostanolone (also known as dromostanolone) is a potent synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid similar to testosterone. Drostanolone is indicated in postmenopausal women with recurrent breast cancer, in a combined hormone therapy.
4. Indication:  For use in females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pamidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pamidronic acid (INN) or pamidronate disodium (USAN), marketed as pamidronate disodium pentahydrate under the brand name Aredia, is a bisphosphonate. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate or severe hypercalcemia associated with malignancy
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Calcium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium citrate is a salt typically used as a source of calcium in a variety of over the counter supplements.
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium supplement.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fluoxymesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anabolic steroid that has been used in the treatment of male hypogonadism, delayed puberty in males, and in the treatment of breast neoplasms in women. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In males, used as replacement therapy in conditions associated with symptoms of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. In females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cinacalcet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinacalcet (INN) is a drug that acts as a calcimimetic (i.e. it mimics the action of calcium on tissues) by allosteric activation of the calcium-sensing receptor that is expressed in various human organ tissues. It is sold by Amgen under the trade name Sensipar® in North America and Australia and as Mimpara® in Europe. Cinacalcet is used to treat hyperparathyroidism (elevated parathyroid hormone levels), a consequence of parathyroid tumors and chronic renal failure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease who are on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis. Also for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with parathyroid carcinoma.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alendronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alendronic acid (alendronate) is a nitrogen-containing, second generation bisphosphonate. Bisphosphonates were first used to treat Paget’s disease in 1971. This class of medications is comprised of inorganic pyrophosphate analogues that contain non-hydrolyzable P-C-P bonds. Similar to other bisphosphonates, alendronate has a high affinity for bone mineral and is taken up during osteoclast resorption. Alendronate inhibits farnesyl pyrophosphate synthetase, one of the enzymes in the mevalonic acid pathway involved in producing isoprenoid compounds that are essential for post-translational modification of small guanosine triphosphate (GTP)-binding proteins, such as Rho, Ras and Rab. Inhibition of this process interferes with osteoclast function and survival. Alendronate is used for the treatment of osteoporosis and Paget’s disease. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in women and Paget's disease of bone in both men and women.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycol (Macrogol, PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. PEG is the basis of a number of laxatives (e.g., macrogol-containing products, such as Movicol and polyethylene glycol 3350, or SoftLax, MiraLAX,ClearLAX, Osmolax or GlycoLax). Whole bowel irrigation with polyethylene glycol and added electrolytes is used for bowel preparation before surgery or colonoscopy. Therapeutic classification is as an Osmotic Laxative that works by drawing water into the lumen of the intestinal tract. Shown to decrease consistency and increase weight of stool in constipated patients at low doses.
4. Indication:  Used to treat and prevent constipation.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cholecalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Derivative of 7-dehydroxycholesterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from ergocalciferol in having a single bond between C22 and C23 and lacking a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Calcium Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium chloride is an ionic compound of calcium and chlorine. It is highly soluble in water and it is deliquescent. It is a salt that is solid at room temperature, and it behaves as a typical ionic halide. It has several common applications such as brine for refrigeration plants, ice and dust control on roads, and in cement. It can be produced directly from limestone, but large amounts are also produced as a by-product of the Solvay process. Because of its hygroscopic nature, it must be kept in tightly-sealed containers. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypocalcemia in those conditions requiring a prompt increase in blood plasma calcium levels, for the treatment of magnesium intoxication due to overdosage of magnesium sulfate, and used to combat the deleterious effects of hyperkalemia as measured by electrocardiographic (ECG), pending correction of the increased potassium level in the extracellular fluid.
