DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carbon Black
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Carbon Black has been used in trials studying Atopic Hypersensitivity and Hypersensitivity, Immediate.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pemirolast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pemirolast potassium is a slightly yellow powder that is soluble in water. It is a mast cell stabilizer that acts as an antiallergic agent. As an ophthalmic aqueous sterile solution, pemirolast is used for the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis. Pemirolast is potentially useful for prophylaxis of pulmonary hypersensitivity reactions to drugs such as paclitaxel.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of itching of the eyes caused by allergies such as hay fever, and allergic conjunctivitis
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pirbuterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirbuterol is a beta-2 adrenergic bronchodilator. In vitro studies and in vivo pharmacologic studies have demonstrated that pirbuterol has a preferential effect on beta-2 Adrenergic receptors compared with isoproterenol. While it is recognized that beta-2 adrenergic receptors are the predominant receptors in bronchial smooth muscle, data indicate that there is a population of beta-2 receptors in the human heart, existing in a concentration between 10-50%. The precise function of these receptors has not been established.The pharmacologic effects of beta adrenergic agonist drugs, including pirbuterol, are at least in proof attributable to stimulation through beta adrenergic receptors of intracellular adenyl cyclase, the enzyme which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (AlP) to cyclic-3† ,5†-adenosine monophosphate (c-AMP). Increased c-AMP levels are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of mediators of immediate hypersensitivity from cells, especially from mast cells.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible bronchospasm including asthma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Olopatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Used to treat allergic conjunctivitis (itching eyes), olopatadine inhibits the release of histamine from mast cells. It is a relatively selective histamine H1 antagonist that inhibits the in vivo and in vitro type 1 immediate hypersensitivity reaction including inhibition of histamine induced effects on human conjunctival epithelial cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isopropyl analog of epinephrine; beta-sympathomimetic that acts on the heart, bronchi, skeletal muscle, alimentary tract, etc. It is used mainly as bronchodilator and heart stimulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or transient episodes of heart block that do not require electric shock or pacemaker therapy also used in management of asthma and chronic bronchitis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lodoxamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lodoxamide is a mast-cell stabilizer for topical administration into the eye. Mast-cell stabilizers, first one approved being cromolyn sodium, are used in treatment of ocular hypersensitivity reactions such as vernal conjunctivitis. These conditions often require treatment with anti-inflammatory medications such as ophthalmic NSAIDs or topical steroids which may cause systemic or toxic effects long-term. Although less effective than topical steroids at decreasing inflammation, mast-cell stabilizers offer another treatment option and exhibit minimal adverse effects. Lodoxamide is marketed under the brand name Alomide by Alcon. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of the ocular disorders referred to by the terms vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Isoetarine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoetarine is a selective adrenergic beta-2 agonist used as fast acting bronchodilator for emphysema, bronchitis and asthma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma, wheezing, and chronic asthmatic bronchitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bambuterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bambuterol is a long acting beta-adrenoceptor agonist used in the treatment of asthma. It is a prodrug of terbutaline.
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with asthma and reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. The quantitation of in vitro IgE antibodies to the benzylpenicilloyl determinant is a useful tool for evaluating allergic subjects.
4. Indication:  For use as a adjunct in assessing the risk of administering penicillin (benzylpenicillin or penicillin G).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Orciprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and bronchospasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm, chronic bronchitis, asthma, and emphysema.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Coccidioides immitis spherule
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coccidioides immitis spherule is a skin test antigen indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis. Use in 18-64 year old patients. A positive result occurs if 48h after administration if the diameter of the induration is >5mm. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  NV-07a
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV-07a is topical skin repair compound protecting skin from sun-induced immunosuppression and UV-induced damage.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin cancer and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  S-8184
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  S8184 is a cremophor free, vitamin E based paclitaxel emulsion incorporating a p glycoprotein inhibitor and particle size based tumor targeting designed to reduce toxicity, allow bolus dosing in 15 minutes, and potentially increase efficacy.
4. Indication:  Ovarian cancer or primary peritoneal carcinoma
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Diphencyprone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Diphencyprone has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Ultraviolet Rays, Immunosuppression, Neoplasm Metastasis, and Hypersensitivity, Delayed, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  ALGRX 1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALGRX 1207 is a topical local anesthetic that acts by binding to the fast sodium channel. ALGRX 1207 entered clinical trials for cutaneous neuropathic pain, such as chemotherapy-induced neuropathy, in 2006. It was being developed by Anesiva, but trials have halted.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Erwinaze (asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi) contains an asparaginase specific enzyme derived from Erwinia chrysanthemi [4]. Specifically, this L-asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme consisting of four identical subunits, each having a molecular weight of about 35 kDa [4]. The activity of Erwinaze is expressed in terms of International Units. It is an antineoplastic agent and was FDA approved in November 19, 2011 [4].
4. Indication:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that have developed a hypersensitivity to E. coli-derivied asparaginase [4]. It is a component of a multi-agent chemotherpeutic regimen [4] for the treatment of the aforementioned disease and is considered second- or third- line treatment in European and American protocols [1]. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in Mantoux Test used to detect infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pegaspargase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegylated L-asparagine amidohydrolase from E. coli. Pegylation substantially (by a factor of 4) extends the protein half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fomivirsen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [6]. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis Pharmaceuticals, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis [3]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the local treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), when other therapy has been ineffective or is considered unsuitable [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  REV131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rEV131 is in development for allergic rhinitis, asthma and several inflammatory eye diseases. It is a topically delivered small protein that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction, allergic rhinitis, and cataracts.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tapentadol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Opioid analgesic for treatment of moderate to severe pain. FDA approved on Nov 20, 2008.
4. Indication:  The immediate-release formulation of tapentadol is indicated for the relief of moderate to severe acute pain. The long-acting formulation serves as a continuous, around-the-clock analgesic that is indicated for the relief of moderate to severe chronic pain or neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mafenide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mafenide is a sulfonamide-type medication used to treat severe burns. It acts by reducing the bacterial population present in the burn tissue and promotes healing of deep burns. 
4. Indication:  Mafenide is indicated in the treatment of severe burns.
