DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Remikiren
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Remikiren is an orally active, high specificity renin inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension and heart failure
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Quinethazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension. Common side effects include dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and low potassium levels.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hypertension.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Trichlormethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p830)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of oedema (including that associated with heart failure) and hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Osilodrostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Osilodrostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of AIMAH, PPNAD, Hypertension, Adrenal adenoma, and Renal Impairment, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MK-7145
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-7145 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension and Renal Insufficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Benzthiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzthiazide is used to treat hypertension and edema. Like other thiazides, benzthiazide promotes water loss from the body (diuretics). They inhibit Na+/Cl- reabsorption from the distal convoluted tubules in the kidneys. Thiazides also cause loss of potassium and an increase in serum uric acid. Thiazides are often used to treat hypertension, but their hypotensive effects are not necessarily due to their diuretic activity. Thiazides have been shown to prevent hypertension-related morbidity and mortality although the mechanism is not fully understood. Thiazides cause vasodilation by activating calcium-activated potassium channels (large conductance) in vascular smooth muscles and inhibiting various carbonic anhydrases in vascular tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ticrynafen
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ticrynafen, or tienilic acid, is a diuretic drug with uric acid-lowering (uricosuric) action, formerly marketed for the treatment of hypertension. It was withdrawn in 1982, shortly after its introduction to the market, after case reports in the United States indicated a link between the use of ticrynafen and hepatitis. (Manier et al., 1982)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cyclothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  As a diuretic, cyclothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like cyclothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of cyclothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle. Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
4. Indication:  Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  SPP1148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Efonidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efonidipine (INN) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker marketed by Shionogi & Co. of Japan. It was launched in 1995, under the brand name Landel. The drug blocks both T-type and L-type calcium channels [1, 2]. It has also been studied in atherosclerosis and acute renal failure [2]. This drug is also known as NZ-105, and several studies have been done on its pharmacokinetics in animals [13].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Guanfacine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A centrally acting antihypertensive agent. The drug lowers both systolic and diastolic blood pressure by activating the central nervous system alpha-2 adrenoreceptors, which results in reduced sympathetic outflow leading to reduced vascular tone. Its adverse reactions include dry mouth, sedation, and constipation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use alone or in combination with other classes of antihypertensive agents in the management of hypertension. Has also been used for the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Azilsartan medoxomil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azilsartan medoxomil is an angiotensin II receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. Azilsartan medoxomil is a prodrug of Azilsartan marketed as "Edarbi" by Takeda. Azilsartan medoxomil has so far been shown to be superior to olmesartan and valsartan in lowering blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hypertension (alone or as an adjunct).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Debrisoquin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic neuron-blocking drug similar in effects to guanethidine. It is also noteworthy in being a substrate for a polymorphic cytochrome P-450 enzyme. Persons with certain isoforms of this enzyme are unable to properly metabolize this and many other clinically important drugs. They are commonly referred to as having a debrisoquin 4-hydroxylase polymorphism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate and severe hypertension, either alone or as an adjunct, and for the treatment of renal hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Fimasartan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fimasartan is a non-peptide angiotensin II receptor antagonist (ARB) used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure. Concurrent administration of fimasartan with diuretic hydrochlorothiazide has shown to be safe in clinical trials. Fimasartan was approved for use in South Korea in September 9th, 2010 and is available under the brand name Kanarb through Boryung Pharmaceuticals, who are presently seeking worldwide partnership.
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of hypertension and heart failure [1].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Selexipag
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Selexipag was approved by the United States FDA on December 22, 2015 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization. PAH is a relatively rare disease with usually a poor prognosis requiring more treatment options to prolong long-term outcomes. Marketed by Actelion Pharmaceuticals under brand name Uptravi, selexipag and its active metabolite, ACT-333679 (MRE-269), act as agonists of the prostacyclin receptor to increase vasodilation in the pulmonary circulation and decrease elevated pressure in the blood vessels supplying blood to the lungs. 
4. Indication:  Selexipag is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Chlorothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p812)
4. Indication:  Chlorothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bendroflumethiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. It has been used in the treatment of familial hyperkalemia, hypertension, edema, and urinary tract disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p810)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema related to heart failure.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Azosemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Azosemide is a loop diuretic used to treat hypertension, edema, and ascites.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
