DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Colestilan chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colestilan is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product BindRen.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ILY101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ILY101 is a metal-free, non-absorbed polymeric drug designed for the selective binding and removal of phosphate anions from the gastrointestinal tract. ILY101 is being developed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia in CKD patients on dialysis and works by reducing the systemic absorption of dietary phosphate. ILY101 is designed to allow for lower daily doses and improved patient acceptance and tolerability in comparison to other products in this class of drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ferric cation
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric citrate (tetraferric tricitrate decahydrate) is a phosphate binder indicated for the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis.
4. Indication:  For the control of serum phosphorus levels in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sevelamer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sevelamer is a phosphate binding drug used to prevent hyperphosphataemia in patients with chronic renal failure. When taken with meals, sevelamer binds to dietary phosphate and prevents its absorption. It is marketed by Genzyme under the trade name Renagel.
4. Indication:  For the control of serum phosphorus in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) on hemodialysis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Calcium Acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The chemical compound calcium acetate is the calcium salt of acetic acid. An older name is acetate of lime. The anhydrous form is very hygroscopic, therefore the monohydrate is the common form. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Calcium acetate is one of a number of calcium salts used to treat hyperphosphatemia (too much phosphate in the blood) in patients with kidney disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ferric Citrate
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tenapanor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tenapanor has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hyperphosphatemia and Constipation Predominant Irritable Bowel Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lanthanum carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lanthanum carbonate is used in medicine as a phosphate binder. As a medication it is sold under the trade name Fosrenol by the pharmaceutical company Shire Pharmaceuticals. Fosrenol is the largest of all pills filled in community pharmacies. Sometimes patients forget that fosrenol is not swallowed whole, but instead should be chewed. This has led to severe choking. It is prescribed for the treatment of hyperphosphatemia, primarily in patients with chronic kidney disease. It is taken with meals and binds to dietary phosphate, preventing phosphate from being absorbed by the intestine.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce serum phosphate in patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tolevamer
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium polystyrene sulfonate is a medication used to treat abnormally high potassium levels. It may be taken orally or by rectum, as an enema, and functions as a potassium-binding resin in the intestines. It is also an effective topical microbicide and spermicide, inhibiting the genital transfection of, among others, HIV.
4. Indication:  Used to treat abnormally high potassium levels.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
