DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Gemfibrozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A lipid-regulating agent that lowers elevated serum lipids primarily by decreasing serum triglycerides with a variable reduction in total cholesterol. These decreases occur primarily in the VLDL fraction and less frequently in the LDL fraction. Gemfibrozil increases HDL subfractions HDL2 and HDL3 as well as apolipoproteins A-I and A-II. Its mechanism of action has not been definitely established. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adult patients with very high elevations of serum triglyceride levels (types IV and V hyperlipidemia) who are at risk of developing pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) and who do not respond adequately to a strict diet.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Clofibrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fibric acid derivative used in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemia type III and severe hypertriglyceridemia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p986)
4. Indication:  For Primary Dysbetalipoproteinemia (Type III hyperlipidemia) that does not respond adequately to diet. This helps control high cholesterol and high triglyceride levels. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Poliovirus type 1 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Poliovirus type 1 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 1 (Mahoney) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 1. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 1 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Maltodextrin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Maltodextrin is under investigation for the treatment and prevention of Autism, Pouchitis, Inflammation, Colonic Cancer, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others. Maltodextrin has been investigated for the prevention and treatment of Fatigue, Thalassemia, Constipation, Type I Diabetes, and Sickle Cell Anemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Interferon alfa-n3
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified, natural (n is for natural) human interferon alpha proteins (consists of 3 forms or polymorphisms including 2a, 2b and 2c). 166 residues, some are glycosylated (MW range from 16 kD to 27 kD).
4. Indication:  For the intralesional treatment of refractory or recurring external condylomata acuminata.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123 is a radiopharmaceutical used in gamma-scintigraphy of adrenergically inervated tissues [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in the diagnostic imaging of adrenergically inervated tissues for the purposes of detecting metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma [FDA Label]. Also used to assess the sympathetic inervation of the myocardium via determination of the heart to mediastinum ratio of radioactivity in patients with New York Heart Association class II or III heart failure.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  NBI-6024
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NBI-6024 is an altered peptide ligand that is designed to cause an immune response which result in preservation of beta-cell function and endogenous insulin production. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Interferon beta-1b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human interferon beta (165 residues), cysteine 17 is substituted with serine. Produced in E. coli, no carbohydrates, MW=18.5kD
4. Indication:  Interferon beta-1b is a drug used for the treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis. It has been shown to slow the advance of the disease as well as to decrease the frequency of attacks.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Interferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human interferon beta (166 residues), glycosylated, MW=22.5kD. It is produced by mammalian cells (Chinese Hamster Ovary cells) into which the human interferon beta gene has been introduced. The amino acid sequence is identical to that of natural human interferon beta.
4. Indication:  For treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis, also for condyloma acuminatum
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tinidazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nitroimidazole antitrichomonal agent effective against Trichomonas vaginalis, Entamoeba histolytica, and Giardia lamblia infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of trichomoniasis caused by T. vaginalis in both female and male patients. Also for the treatment of giardiasis caused by G. duodenalis in both adults and pediatric patients older than three years of age and for the treatment of intestinal amebiasis and amebic liver abscess caused by E. histolytica in both adults and pediatric patients older than three years of age.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  IC41
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IC41 is a therapeutic peptide vaccine. It is being devloped by Intercell AG for the treatment of hepatitis C. The vaccine consists of five synthetic peptides (IPEP83, 84, 87, 89,1426) harboring HCV CD4 and CD8 T-cell epitopes and the synthetic adjuvant poly-L-arginine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Interferon alfa-n1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified, natural (n is for natural) glycosylated human interferon alpha proteins 166 residues
4. Indication:  For treatment of venereal or genital warts caused by the Human Papiloma Virus
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Lifibrol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lifibrol has been used in trials studying the basic science of Hyperlipoproteinemia and Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Finafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Finafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic indicated in the treatment of acute otitis externa (swimmer's ear) caused by the bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. Finafloxacin is marketed by Novartis under the brand Xtoro™, and was approved by the FDA in December 2014. 
4. Indication:  Finafloxacin is indicated for the treatment of acute otitis externa (AOE) with or without an otowick, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus in patients age 1 year and older. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Rescinnamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rescinnamine is an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor used as an antihypertensive drug. It is an alkaloid obtained from Rauwolfia serpentina and other species of Rauwolfia. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Camptothecin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An alkaloid isolated from the stem wood of the Chinese tree, Camptotheca acuminata. This compound selectively inhibits the nuclear enzyme DNA topoisomerase, type I. Several semisynthetic analogs of camptothecin have demonstrated antitumor activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatment of cancer.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Voacamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voacamine is an alkaloid isolated from the bark of the Pescheria fuchsiae folia tree. It is an antimalarial drug approved for use in several African countries. Voacamine is also under investigation for use in modulating multidrug-resistance in tumor cells. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of malaria. Also under investigation for the modulation of multidrug resistance in cancer cells.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Levofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of the following organisms: Corynebacterium species, Staphylococus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus (Groups C/F/G), Viridans group streptococci, Acinetobacter lwoffii, Haemophilus influenzae, Serratia marcescens.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cefaclor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic derivative of cephalexin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of certain infections caused by bacteria such as pneumonia and ear, lung, skin, throat, and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TU-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TU-100 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Oxamniquine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)
4. Indication:  For treatment of Schistosomiasis caused by Schistosoma mansoni
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cixutumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cixutumumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Malignant Neoplasm, Leukemia, Mast-Cell, Non-Small-Cell Lung Carcinoma, and Adenocarcinoma of the Prostate.Cixutumumab is a highly specific recombinant human monoclonal antibody with high affinity for the insulin-like growth factor-I receptor (IGF-IR). IGF-IR is overexpressed in a variety of tumour types.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cefmetazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephamycin antibiotic with a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms. It has a high rate of efficacy in many types of infection and to date no severe side effects have been noted. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
