DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Lomitapide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients. It is marketed under the name Juxtapid (R).
4. Indication:  Used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), apolipoprotein B (apo B), and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mipomersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mipomersen sodium, which was known as the investigational drug, isis-301012, is the salt form of a synthetic phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. Mipomersen sodium prevents the formation of apo B-100, resulting in a decrease in the levels of apolipoprotein B (apo B), low density lipoprotein (LDL), and total cholesterol. Mipomersen is indicated in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid-lowering medications. It is marketed under the brand name Kynamro in the United States, and the FDA label includes a black box warning of hepatoxicity. Specifically, elevations in the liver enzymes, i.e. transaminases, and in liver fat (hepatic steatosis) have been reported. Due to this serious risk of liver toxicity, mipomersen sodium is only available to patients under the restricted program called Kynamro™ Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program.
4. Indication:  Used in patients with homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to diet and other lipid-lowering medications.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rosuvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rosuvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reducuase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Rosuvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to treat primary hyperlipidemia (heterozygous familial and nonfamilial), mixed dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Also indicated for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering therapies or when other such therapies are not available. Furthermore, it is used to slow the progression of atherosclerosis and for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Simvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simvastatin is a lipid-lowering agent that is derived synthetically from the fermentation of Aspergillus terreus. It is a potent competitive inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (hydroxymethylglutaryl COA reductases), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It may also interfere with steroid hormone production. Due to the induction of hepatic LDL receptors, it increases breakdown of LDL cholesterol. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and for the reduction in the risk of cardiac heart disease mortality and cardiovascular events. It can also be used in adolescent patients for the treatment of heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Implitapide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Implitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP)-inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Torcetrapib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Torcetrapib (CP-529414, Pfizer) was a drug being developed to treat hypercholesterolemia (elevated cholesterol levels) and prevent cardiovascular disease. Its development was halted in 2006 when phase III studies showed excessive mortality in the treatment group receiving a combination of atorvastatin and the study drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Inositol nicotinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Inositol nicotinate, also known as Inositol hexaniacinate/hexanicotinate or "no-flush niacin", is a niacin ester and vasodilator. It is used in food supplements as a source of niacin (vitamin B3), where hydrolysis of 1 g (1.23 mmol) inositol hexanicotinate yields 0.91 g nicotinic acid and 0.22 g inositol. Niacin exists in different forms including nicotinic acid, nicotinamide and other derivatives such as inositol nicotinate. It is associated with reduced flushing compared to other vasodilators by being broken down into the metabolites and inositol at a slower rate. Nicotinic acid plays an essential role in many important metabolic processes and has been used as lipid-lowering agent. Inositol nicotinate is prescribed in Europe under the name Hexopal as a symptomatic treatment for severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dietary supplement for the source of niacin. Has been investigated for potential beneficial effects on serum lipids. In Europe, inositol hexanicotinate is indicated as a patented drug known as Hexopal, which is therapeutically indicated for the symptomatic relief of severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Atorvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atorvastatin (Lipitor) is a member of the drug class known as statins. It is used for lowering cholesterol. Atorvastatin is a competitive inhibitor of hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase, the rate-determining enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis via the mevalonate pathway. HMG-CoA reductase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonate. Atorvastatin acts primarily in the liver. Decreased hepatic cholesterol levels increases hepatic uptake of cholesterol and reduces plasma cholesterol levels.
4. Indication:  May be used as primary prevention in individuals with multiple risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) and as secondary prevention in individuals with CHD to reduce the risk of myocardial infarction (MI), stroke, angina, and revascularization procedures. May be used to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS). May be used in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia, homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia, primary dysbetalipoproteinemia, and/or hypertriglyeridemia as an adjunct to dietary therapy to decrease serum total and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), apolipoprotein B (apoB), and triglyceride concentrations, while increasing high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) levels.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Niacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble vitamin of the B complex occurring in various animal and plant tissues. It is required by the body for the formation of coenzymes NAD and NADP. It has pellagra-curative, vasodilating, and antilipemic properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type IV and V hyperlipidemia. It is indicated as ajunctive therapy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Aminocaproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antifibrinolytic agent that acts by inhibiting plasminogen activators which have fibrinolytic properties.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of excessive postoperative bleeding.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Solanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solanezumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ezetimibe
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ezetimibe is an anti-hyperlipidemic medication which is used to lower cholesterol levels. Specifically, it appears to bind to a critical mediator of cholesterol absorption, the Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1) protein on the gastrointestinal tract epithelial cells as well as in hepatocytes.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated total-C, LDL-C, and Apo B in patients with primary (heterozygous familial and non-familial) hypercholesterolemia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fx-1006A
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fx-1006A is a small molecule compound with the potential to treat genetic disorders, such as familial amyloid cardiomyopathy (FAC) and familial amyloid polyneuropathy (FAP).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyloidosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Colesevelam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Colesevelam is a bile acid sequestrant. Colesevelam is used with exercise and diet changes (restriction of cholesterol and fat intake) to reduce the amount of cholesterol and certain fatty substances in the blood. It works by binding bile acids in the intestine. Bile acids are made when cholesterol is broken down in the body. Removing these bile acids helps to lower blood cholesterol.
4. Indication:  For use, alone or in combination with an HMG-CoA reductase inhibitor, as adjunctive therapy to diet and exercise for the reduction of elevated LDL cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (Fredrickson Type IIa).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Gantenerumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gantenerumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Bococizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bococizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Dyslipidemia, Hyperlipidemia, Hypercholesterolemia, Cardiovascular Disease, and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pitavastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pitavastatin a lipid-lowering agent that belongs to the statin class of medications for treatment of dyslipidemia. It is also used for primary and secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. FDA approved in Aug 3, 2009.
4. Indication:  Pitavastatin is used to lower serum levels of total cholesterol, LDL-C, apolipoprotein B, and triglycerides, and raise levels of HDL-C for the treatment of dyslipidemia. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Fenofibrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a prodrug of fenofibric acid, an antilipemic agent which reduces both cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy to diet to reduce elevated LDL-C, Total-C,Triglycerides and Apo B, and to increase HDL-C in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb)
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Gemfibrozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A lipid-regulating agent that lowers elevated serum lipids primarily by decreasing serum triglycerides with a variable reduction in total cholesterol. These decreases occur primarily in the VLDL fraction and less frequently in the LDL fraction. Gemfibrozil increases HDL subfractions HDL2 and HDL3 as well as apolipoproteins A-I and A-II. Its mechanism of action has not been definitely established. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adult patients with very high elevations of serum triglyceride levels (types IV and V hyperlipidemia) who are at risk of developing pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) and who do not respond adequately to a strict diet.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calcitriol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Calcitriol or 1,25-dihydroxycholecalciferol (abbreviated 1,25-(OH)2-D3) is the active form of vitamin D found in the body (vitamin D3). Calcitriol is marketed under various trade names including Rocaltrol (Roche), Calcijex (Abbott) and Decostriol (Mibe, Jesalis). It is produced in the kidneys via 25-hydroxyvitamin D-1 α-hydroxylase by conversion from 25-hydroxycholecalciferol (calcidiol). This is stimulated by a decrease in serum calcium, phosphate (PO43−) and parathyroid hormone (PTH) levels. It regulates calcium levels by increasing the absorption of calcium and phosphate from the gastrointestinal tract, increasing calcium and phosphate reabsorption in the kidneys and inhibiting the release of PTH. Calcitriol is also commonly used as a medication in the treatment of hypocalcemia and osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Evolocumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Evolocumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of hyperlipidemia by Amgen. It is a subcutaneous injection approved by the FDA for individuals on maximum statin therapy who still require additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. It is approved for both homozygous and heterozygous familial cholesterolemia as an adjunct to other first-line therapies. Evolocumab is a human IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 (PCSK9). PCSK9 is a protein that targets LDL receptors for degradation, therefore reducing the liver's ability to remove LDL-cholesterol (LDL-C), or "bad" cholesterol, from the blood. Evolocumab is designed to bind to PCSK9 and inhibit PCSK9 from binding to LDL receptors on the liver surface, resulting in more LDL receptors on the surface of the liver to remove LDL-C from the blood. Evolocumab is the second PCSK9 inhibitor on the market, first being alirocumab.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of heterozygous/homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia or clinical atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease in patients on maximum tolerated statin therapy requiring additional LDL-cholesterol lowering. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Clofibrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fibric acid derivative used in the treatment of hyperlipoproteinemia type III and severe hypertriglyceridemia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p986)
4. Indication:  For Primary Dysbetalipoproteinemia (Type III hyperlipidemia) that does not respond adequately to diet. This helps control high cholesterol and high triglyceride levels. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B), liver transplant surgery, and pediatric indications.
