DrugId:  1
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Cicletanine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cicletanine is under investigation for the treatment of Diabetes, Hypokalemia, Hyponatremia, and Arterial Hypertension.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Conivaptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Conivaptan is a non-peptide inhibitor of antidiuretic hormone (vasopressin). It was approved in 2004 for hyponatremia (low blood sodium levels) caused by syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH). Conivaptan inhibits both isotypes of the vasopressin receptor (V1a and V2).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia (e.g. the syndrome of inappropriate secretion of antidiuretic hormone, or in the setting of hypothyroidism, adrenal insufficiency, pulmonary disorders, etc.) in hospitalized patients.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Tolvaptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tolvaptan is used to treat low blood sodium levels (hyponatremia) associated with various conditions like congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, and syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormones (SIADH). FDA approved on May 19, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of symptomatic and resistant to fluid restriction euvolemic or hypervolemic hyponatremia associated with congestive heart failure, SIADH, and cirrhosis. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lixivaptan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyponatremia and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Eslicarbazepine acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eslicarbazepine acetate (ESL) is an anticonvulsant medication approved for use in Europe, the United States and Canada as an adjunctive therapy for partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to eslicarbazepine, the primary active metabolite in the body. Eslicarbazepine's mechanism of action is not well understood, but it is known that it does exert anticonvulsant activity by inhibiting repeated neuronal firing and stabilizing the inactivated state of voltage-gated sodium channels, thus preventing their return to the activated state during which seizure activity can occur.Eslicarbazepine acetate is marketed as Aptiom in North America and Zebinix or Exalief in Europe. It is available in 200, 400, 600, or 800mg tablets that are taken once daily, with or without food. Eslicarbazepine acetate is associated with numerous side effects including dizziness, drowsiness, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, aphasia, lack of concentration, psychomotor retardation, speech disturbances, ataxia, depression and hyponatremia. It is recommended that patients taking eslicarbazepine acetate be monitored for suicidality.
4. Indication:  Eslicarbazepine acetate is indicated as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures that are not adequately controlled with conventional therapy in epileptic patients. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cyclothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  As a diuretic, cyclothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like cyclothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of cyclothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle. Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
4. Indication:  Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Demeclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat Lyme disease, acne, and bronchitis. Also indicated (but rarely used) to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, malaria, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. One of its other registered uses is the treatment of hyponatremia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chlorothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p812)
4. Indication:  Chlorothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vortioxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vortioxetine is an atypical antipsychotic and antidepressant indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). It is classified as a serotonin modulator and simulator (SMS) as it has a multimodal mechanism of action towards the serotonin neurotransmitter system whereby it simultaneously modulates one or more serotonin receptors and inhibits the reuptake of serotonin. More specifically, vortioxetine acts via the following biological mechanisms: as a serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SRI) through inhibition of the serotonin transporter, as a partial agonist of the 5-HT1B receptor, an agonist of 5-HT1A, and an antagonist of the 5-HT3, 5-HT1D, and 5-HT7 receptors. SMSs were developed because there are many different subtypes of serotonin receptors, however, not all of these receptors appear to be involved in the antidepressant effects of SRIs. Some serotonin receptors seem to play a relatively neutral or insignificant role in the regulation of mood, but others, such as 5-HT1A autoreceptors and 5-HT7 receptors, appear to play an oppositional role in the efficacy of SRIs in treating depression.
4. Indication:  Vortioxetine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Torasemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Torasemide (rINN) or torsemide (USAN) is a pyridine-sulfonylurea type loop diuretic mainly used in the management of edema associated with congestive heart failure. It is also used at low doses for the management of hypertension. It is marketed under the brand name Demadex. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, renal disease, or hepatic disease. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium acetate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Acetate is chemically designated CH3COONa, a hygroscopic powder very soluble in water. Sodium acetate could be used as additives in food, industry, concrete manufacture, heating pads and in buffer solutions. Medically, sodium acetate is important component as an electrolyte replenisher when given intravenously. It is mainly indicated to correct sodium levels in hyponatremic patients. It can be used also in metabolic acidosis and for urine alkalinization.
4. Indication:  Injection, USP 40 mEq is indicated as a source of sodium, for addition to large volume intravenous fluids to prevent or correct hyponatremia in patients with restricted or no oral intake. It is also useful as an additive for preparing specific intravenous fluid formulas when the needs of the patient cannot be met by standard electrolyte or nutrient solutions. Sodium acetate and other bicarbonate precursors are alkalinising agents, and can be used to correct metabolic acidosis, or for alkalinisation of the urine.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hydrochlorothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic often considered the prototypical member of this class. It reduces the reabsorption of electrolytes from the renal tubules. This results in increased excretion of water and electrolytes, including sodium, potassium, chloride, and magnesium. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including edema, hypertension, diabetes insipidus, and hypoparathyroidism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of high blood pressure and management of edema.
