DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bupranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to "propranolol":http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00571.
4. Indication:  Used to manage hypertension and tachycardia. Also used to treat glaucoma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Midodrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ethanolamine derivative that is an adrenergic alpha agonist. It is used as a vasoconstrictor agent in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic orthostatic hypotension (OH).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Quetiapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic effect on the histamine H1 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Propranolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist. Propranolol is used in the treatment or prevention of many disorders including acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, angina pectoris, hypertension, hypertensive emergencies, hyperthyroidism, migraine, pheochromocytoma, menopause, and anxiety. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of migraine.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Betaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Empagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Empagliflozin is a sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes. SGLT2 co-transporters are responsible for reabsorption of glucose from the glomerular filtrate in the kidney. The glucuretic effect resulting from SGLT2 inhibition reduces renal absorption and lowers the renal threshold for glucose, therefore resulting in increased glucose excretion. Additionally, it contributes to reduced hyperglycaemia and also assists weight loss and blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  Empagliflozin is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Disulfiram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of chronic alcoholism
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ziprasidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain FDA approval (February 2001). Ziprasidone is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and the intramuscular injection form of ziprasidone is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients. Ziprasidone has also received approval for acute treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Iloperidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. made initial inquiries into the drug; however, in May 1996, they discontinued research, and in June 1997 gave research rights to Titan Pharmaceuticals. Titan then handed over worldwide development, manufacturing and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals announced that the Phase III development rights have been acquired by Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tranexamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with hemophilia for short term use (two to eight days) to reduce or prevent hemorrhage and reduce the need for replacement therapy during and following tooth extraction. It can also be used for excessive bleeding in menstruation, surgery, or trauma cases.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Silodosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silodosin is an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that is selective for the prostate. Silodosin is for symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. FDA approved Oct 9, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment for symptomatic relief of benign prostatic hyperplasia 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Methylnaltrexone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methylnaltrexone is a pheriphally-acting μ-opioid antagonists that acts on the gastrointestinal tract to decrease opioid-induced constipation without producing analgesic effects or withdrawal symptoms. It is also a weak CYP2D6 inhibitor. FDA approved in 2008. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of opioids induced constipation in palliative patients that are inadequately responding to laxative therapy. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aripiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic medication used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has also recently received FDA approval for the treatment of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder. Aripiprazole appears to mediate its antipsychotic effects primarily by partial agonism at the D2 receptor. In addition to partial agonist activity at the D2 receptor, aripiprazole is also a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and like the other atypical antipsychotics, aripiprazole displays an antagonist profile at the 5-HT2A receptor. Aripiprazole has moderate affinity for histamine and alpha adrenergic receptors, and no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Theobromine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  3,7-Dimethylxanthine. The principle alkaloid in Theobroma cacao (the cacao bean) and other plants. A xanthine alkaloid that is used as a bronchodilator and as a vasodilator. It has a weaker diuretic activity than theophylline and is also a less powerful stimulant of smooth muscle. It has practically no stimulant effect on the central nervous system. It was formerly used as a diuretic and in the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, pp1318-9)
4. Indication:  theobromine is used as a vasodilator, a diuretic, and heart stimulant. And similar to caffeine, it may be useful in management of fatigue and orthostatic hypotension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Quinagolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Quinagolide is a non-ergot-derived selective dopamine D2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of elevated levels of prolactin or hyperprolactinaemia. Hyperprolalctinaemia is associated with gonadal dysfunction, including infertility and reduced libido, as well as long-term complications such as osteoporosis [1]. Newer dopamine receptor agonists such as quinagolide and Cabergoline are shown to effectively inhibit prolactin secretion with improved efficacy over Bromocriptine. These drugs are effective in patients who are intolerant or resistant to Bromocriptine. Quinagolide exists as a racemate and its relevant clinical activity is mediated predominantly by the (-) enantiomer. It is typically present in the hydrochloride salt form and is marketed as oral tablets under the brand name Norprolac contained as a racemate. Quinagolide is currently available in several countries including Canada, but not approved for treatment in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of hyperprolactinemia (idiopathic or originating from a prolactin-secreting pituitary microadenoma or macroadenoma).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Maprotiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and does not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and major depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of depression, including the depressed phase of bipolar depression, psychotic depression, and involutional melancholia, and may also be helpful in treating certain patients suffering severe depressive neurosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bisoprolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoprolol is a cardioselective β1-adrenergic blocking agent used for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction (MI), heart failure, angina pectoris and mild to moderate hypertension. Bisoprolol is structurally similar to metoprolol, acebutolol and atenolol in that it has two substituents in the para position of the benzene ring. The β1-selectivity of these agents is thought to be due in part to the large substituents in the para position. At lower doses (less than 20 mg daily), bisoprolol selectively blocks cardiac β1-adrenergic receptors with little activity against β2-adrenergic receptors of the lungs and vascular smooth muscle. Receptor selectivity decreases with daily doses of 20 mg or greater. Unlike propranolol and pindolol, bisoprolol does not exhibit membrane-stabilizing or sympathomimetic activity. Bisoprolol possesses a single chiral centre and is administered as a racemic mixture. Only l-bisoprolol exhibits significant β-blocking activity.
4. Indication:  For management of heart failure, angina pectoris, and mild to moderate hypertension and for secondary prevention of myocardial infarction (MI). 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Atenolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic blocker possessing properties and potency similar to propranolol, but without a negative inotropic effect.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertention and long-term management of patients with angina pectoris
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Timolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist similar in action to propranolol. The levo-isomer is the more active. Timolol has been proposed as an antihypertensive, antiarrhythmic, antiangina, and antiglaucoma agent. It is also used in the treatment of migraine disorders and tremor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In its oral form it is used to treat high blood pressure and prevent heart attacks, and occasionally to prevent migraine headaches. In its opthalmic form it is used to treat open-angle and occasionally secondary glaucoma.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Clozapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tricyclic dibenzodiazepine, classified as an atypical antipsychotic agent. It binds several types of central nervous system receptors, and displays a unique pharmacological profile. Clozapine is a serotonin antagonist, with strong binding to 5-HT 2A/2C receptor subtype. It also displays strong affinity to several dopaminergic receptors, but shows only weak antagonism at the dopamine D2 receptor, a receptor commonly thought to modulate neuroleptic activity. Agranulocytosis is a major adverse effect associated with administration of this agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia.
