DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mifamurtide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Mifamurtide is an immunomodulator with antitumor activity via activation of macrophages and monocytes. Also called L-MTP-PE, mifamurtide may be a liposomal form of of the active ingredient MTP-PE, which is a synthetic, less pyrogenic, and longer-acting derivative of muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP is a motif present in all gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial walls that is recognized by different signalling molecules and activators such as nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptors (NLRs) and toll-like receptors present in macrophages and monocytes. The overall result of MDP recognition leads to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and promotion of bactericidal and tumoricidal effects [2]. As a liposomal formulation, mifamurtide demonstrates an enhanced tumoricidal effect and improved safety profile [2].Mifamurtide is marketed in Europe as Mepact for intravenous infusion. It is administered as an adjuvant therapy to postoperative combination chemotherapy in pediatric, adolescent or adult patients with high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection. In the US, it is currently under investigation that holds orphan drug status for the treatment of osteosarcoma [3].Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant bone tumor that usually arises in the metaphyses of long bone in children and adolescents [1]. The standard therapy for osteosarcoma is comprised of macroscopic surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy consisting of doxorubicin, cisplatin, high-dose methotrexate with leucovorin rescue, and ifosfamide [1]. While about 90% of patients with newly diagnosed osteosarcoma may achieve complete remission from first-line therapies, the prognosis is still poor for patients with non-metastatic osteosarcoma with lower 5-year event-free survival. In a large, randomized, open-label, multicenter, phase III trial, the treatment of mifamurtide in conjunction with three- or four-drug combination chemotherapy (doxorubicin, cisplatin, and high-dose methotrexate with, or without, ifosfamide) was associated with significant improvement in survival rates and good tolerance [3]. The adverse events (AEs) associated with mifamurtide were generally mild to moderate in severity [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated in children, adolescents and young adults for the treatment of high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection, typically in combination with post-operative multi-agent chemotherapy [5].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  C1-INH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C1-INH is human pasteurized C1-inhibitor concentrate to treat patients with hereditary angioedema (HAE), a rare genetic disorder that can lead to painful and sometimes life-threatening attacks of edema (swelling) of the face, airway, abdomen, and extremities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vigabatrin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An analogue of gamma-aminobutyric acid, vigabatrin is an irreversible inhibitor of 4-aminobutyrate transaminase, the enzyme responsible for the catabolism of gamma-aminobutyric acid. (From Martindale The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed). Off-label uses include treatment of cocaine dependence. 
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in treatment resistant epilepsy, refractory complex partial seizures, and secondary generalized seizures. It is also used as monotherapy in infantile spasms in West syndrome.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  XL418
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL418 is a novel anticancer compound.
4. Indication:  Cancer
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nepadutant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nepadutant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colic, Infantile Colic, and Infantile Functional Gastrointestinal Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Stiripentol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stiripentol is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy as an adjunct therapy along with Clobazam and Valproic Acid. Unrelated to other anticonvulsants, stitipentol belongs to the group of aromatic allylic alcohols and may potentiate the effect of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) due to pharmacokinetic interactions. It elevates the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), a major inhibitory neurotransmitter that regulates electrical activity in the central nervous system. Use of stiripentol is approved for infants with Dravet syndrome, or Severe Myoclonic Epilepsy in Infancy (SMEI) that commonly occurs at the first year of life. Stiripentol is not FDA-approved but approved in Canada and European countries as oral tablets marketed as Diacomit.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in conjunction with clobazam and valproate as adjunctive therapy of refractory generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy (SMEI, Dravet’s syndrome) whose seizures are not adequately controlled with clobazam and valproate.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  KB001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB001 is a Humaneered™ PEGylated monoclonal antibody fragment for the treatment of life-threatening Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, a common problem of cystic fibrosis and mechanically ventilated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Perampanel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perampanel is a noncompetitive AMPA glutamate receptor antagonist. It is marketed under the name Fycompa™ and is indicated as an adjunct in patients over 12 years old for the treatment of partial-onset seizures that may or may not occur with generalized seizures. The FDA label includes an important black-boxed warning of serious or life-threatening behavioral and psychiatric reactions in patients taking Fycompa™.
4. Indication:  Used in patients over 12 years old for the treatment of partial-onset seizures that may or may not occur with generalized seizures.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Idarucizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idarucizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody fragment (Fab) derived from an immunoglobulin G1 isotype molecule that binds to and inactivates the oral anticoagulant dabigatran, thereby reversing its anticoagulant effect. As a direct acting oral anticoagulant (DOAC), one of the risks associated with the use of dabigatran includes bleeding, espeically when given to patients at increased risk (elderly, chronic kidney disease, concomitant NSAID or warfarin use, etc). Approved under the tradename Praxbind (FDA), idarucizumab is indicated for the emergency treatment of dabigatran-associated bleeding in life-threatening or surgically induced situations. Its use is associated with immediate, complete and sustained reversal of the anticoagulant effects of dabigatran.Idarucizumab protein structure can be viewed below, with disulfide bridges at the following points: H22-H95, H149-H205, H225-L-219, L23-L93, L139-L199.
4. Indication:  For use in patients treated with Dabigatran when reversal of the anticoagulant effects of dabigatran is needed for emergency surgery/urgent procedures and in life-threatening or uncontrolled bleeding.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Liraglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Victoza contains liraglutide, an analog of human GLP-1 and acts as a GLP-1 receptor agonist. The peptide precursor of liraglutide, produced by a process that includes expression of recombinant DNA in Saccharomyces cerevisiae, has been engineered to be 97% homologous to native human GLP-1 by substituting arginine for lysine at position 34. Liraglutide is made by attaching a C-16 fatty acid (palmitic acid) with a glutamic acid spacer on the remaining lysine residue at position 26 of the peptide precursor.
4. Indication:  For use in/treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ganaxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pediatric indications and seizure disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  3-Methylthiofentanyl
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  3-Methyl-thiofentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Coccidioides immitis spherule
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coccidioides immitis spherule is a skin test antigen indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis. Use in 18-64 year old patients. A positive result occurs if 48h after administration if the diameter of the induration is >5mm. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Asfotase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asfotase Alfa is a first-in-class bone-targeted enzyme replacement therapy designed to address the underlying cause of hypophosphatasia (HPP)—deficient alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Hypophosphatasia is almost always fatal when severe skeletal disease is obvious at birth. By replacing deficient ALP, treatment with Asfotase Alfa aims to improve the elevated enzyme substrate levels and improve the body's ability to mineralize bone, thereby preventing serious skeletal and systemic patient morbidity and premature death. Asfotase alfa was first approved by Pharmaceuticals and Medicals Devices Agency of Japan (PMDA) on July 3, 2015, then approved by the European Medicine Agency (EMA) on August 28, 2015, and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on October 23, 2015. Asfotase Alfa is marketed under the brand name Strensiq® by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The annual average price of Asfotase Alfa treatment is $285,000. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of patients with perinatal/infantile and juvenile onset hypophosphatasia (HPP). 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Radotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.
4. Indication:  Radotinib is indicated for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance of other Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitors, such as patients resistant or intolerant to imatinib.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  3-Allylfentanyl
2. Groups:  Illicit
3. Description:  3-Allylfentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl. 3-Allylfentanyl has similar effects to fentanyl. Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening. Fentanyl analogs have killed hundreds of people throughout Europe and the former Soviet republics since the most recent resurgence in use began in Estonia in the early 2000s, and novel derivatives continue to appear.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Phenaridine
2. Groups:  Illicit
3. Description:  Phenaridine (2,5-Dimethylfentanyl) is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl. It was developed in 1972, and is used for surgical anasthesia in Russia. Phenaridine has similar effects to fentanyl. It is slightly less potent than fentanyl in rats. Side effects of fentanyl analogs are similar to those of fentanyl itself, which include itching, nausea and potentially serious respiratory depression, which can be life-threatening. Fentanyl analogs have killed hundreds of people throughout Europe and the former Soviet republics since the most recent resurgence in use began in Estonia in the early 2000s, and novel derivatives continue to appear.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Radiprodil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radiprodil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infantile Spasms (IS) and Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathic Pain.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Indecainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indecainide is a rarely used antidysrhythmic. Indecainide has local anesthetic activity and belongs to the membrane stabilizing (Class 1) group of antiarrhythmic agents; it has electrophysiologic effects characteristic of the IC class of antiarrhythmics.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening dysrhythmias and sustained ventricular tachycardia.
