DrugId:  1
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tirasemtiv
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirasemtiv has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myasthenia Gravis, Intermittent Claudication, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  K-134
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  K-134 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nitroaspirin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nitroaspirin has been investigated for the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cilostazol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cilostazol is a medication used in the alleviation of the symptom of intermittent claudication in individuals with peripheral vascular disease. It is manufactured by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. under the trade name Pletal. Although drugs similar to cilostazol have increased the risk of death in patients with congestive heart failure, studies of significant size have not addressed people without the disease. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of symptoms of intermittent claudication (pain in the legs that occurs with walking and disappears with rest).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Beraprost
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sulodexide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulodexide is a mixture of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) composed of dermatan sulfate (DS) and fast moving heparin (FMH).
4. Indication:  Sulodexide has been used clinically for the prophylaxis and treatment of vascular diseases with increased risk of thrombosis, including intermittent claudication, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and post-myocardial infarc-tion. Also investigated in the treatment of diabetic kidney disease and diabetic neuropathy. New anti-inflammatory properties have also extended its use in venous disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Inositol nicotinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Inositol nicotinate, also known as Inositol hexaniacinate/hexanicotinate or "no-flush niacin", is a niacin ester and vasodilator. It is used in food supplements as a source of niacin (vitamin B3), where hydrolysis of 1 g (1.23 mmol) inositol hexanicotinate yields 0.91 g nicotinic acid and 0.22 g inositol. Niacin exists in different forms including nicotinic acid, nicotinamide and other derivatives such as inositol nicotinate. It is associated with reduced flushing compared to other vasodilators by being broken down into the metabolites and inositol at a slower rate. Nicotinic acid plays an essential role in many important metabolic processes and has been used as lipid-lowering agent. Inositol nicotinate is prescribed in Europe under the name Hexopal as a symptomatic treatment for severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dietary supplement for the source of niacin. Has been investigated for potential beneficial effects on serum lipids. In Europe, inositol hexanicotinate is indicated as a patented drug known as Hexopal, which is therapeutically indicated for the symptomatic relief of severe intermittent claudication and Raynaud’s phenomenon. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Hemin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hemin (trade name Panhematin) is an iron-containing porphyrin. More specifically, it is protoporphyrin IX containing a ferric iron ion (heme B) with a chloride ligand.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of porphyria attacks, particularly in acute intermittent porphyria.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cyclandelate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to dilate blood vessels. It may cause gastrointestinal distress and tachycardia. Cyclandelate is not approved for use in the U.S. or Canada, but is approved in various European countries.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of various blood vessel diseases (e.g., claudication, arteriosclerosis and Raynaud's disease) and nighttime leg cramps.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Racepinephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Racepinephrine is a racemic mixture consisting of d-Epinephrine and l-Epinephrine enantiomers. Epinephrine is a non-selective α- and β-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a bronchodilator used in the temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma including wheezing, tightness of chest and shortness of breath. It is an active ingredient in oral inhalation over-the-counter products as racepinephrine hydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Octenidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Octenidine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02697162 (Antiseptic-coated Intermittent Urinary Catheter).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Alkaline Phosphatase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alkaline Phosphatase (AP) is an oral treatment and has a veryfavorable side-effect profile. AP only acts locally in the colon to reduce the continuous inflammation of the colon by endotoxin from Gram-negative bacteria and extracellular ATP in UC patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sulfinpyrazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A uricosuric drug that is used to reduce the serum urate levels in gout therapy. It lacks anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and diuretic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gout and gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pentoxifylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with intermittent lameness or immobility arising from chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tubocurarine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neuromuscular blocker and active ingredient in curare; plant based alkaloid of Menispermaceae. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as a diagnosis agent for myasthenia gravis, and also to facilitate the intubation after induction of anesthesia in surgical procedure
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Flurazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used mainly as a hypnotic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For short-term and intermittent use in patients with recurring insomnia and poor sleeping habits
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Apomorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A derivative of morphine that is a dopamine D2 agonist. It is a powerful emetic and has been used for that effect in acute poisoning. It has also been used in the diagnosis and treatment of parkinsonism, but its adverse effects limit its use.
4. Indication:  For the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, off episodes (end-of-dose wearing off and unpredictable on/off episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[11]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [6].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [7, 8].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and Efmoroctocog alfa, which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [7].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  The human antihemophilic factor is indicated for the cases of hemophilia A, also known as classical hemophilia for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes.[12] If surgery is needed in patients with hemophilia A there is a need of correction of the clotting abnormality. In this cases, the human antihemophilic factor may be administered followed by intermittent maintenance doses.[11] The hemophilia A is characterized by the deficiency of the coagulation factor VIII that results in prolonged blood flow after injury or surgery as well as recurrent bleeding.[9]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nafarelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. Nafarelin has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of central precocious puberty (true precocious puberty, GnRH-dependent precocious precocity, complete isosexual precocity) in children of both sexes and for the treatment of endometriosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
