DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Condoliase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Condoliase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lumbar Disc Disease, Lumbar Vertebra Hernia, and Intervertebral Disc Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Chymopapain
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chymopapain is a proteolytic enzyme isolated from the latex of papaya (Carica papaya), it is a medication used to treat herniated lower lumbar discs in the spine. The sale and distribution of chymopapain was discontinued in the United States on January 27, 2003. Serious side effects from the use of chymopapain include anaphylaxis, paralysis of the legs, or death. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Chymopapain injections should preferably be given under local, rather than general, anaesthesia. The dose for a single intervertebral disc is 2 to 4 nanokatals, with a maximum dose per patient of 8 nanokatals. [Wikipedia]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Isometheptene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
4. Indication:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Barium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Barium sulfate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula BaSO4 [3].Barium sulfate occurs in nature as the mineral barite. It is also used in various manufacturing applications and mixed into heavy concrete to serve as a radiation shield [3].This drug is used as a contrast agent in diagnostic x-ray procedures. Therapeutic advantages of barium sulfate in diagnostic procedures include both its low water solubility and high level of clearance from the body [FDA Label].Barium sulfate is ingested by mouth or administered rectally and combined with granules of effervescent bicarbonate to enhance distension of the GI tract, allowing for enhanced gastrointestinal tract visualization [3], [5].
4. Indication:  Barium sulfate is a radiographic contrast agent indicated for use in computed tomography (CT) of the abdomen to delineate the gastrointestinal (GI) tract in adult and pediatric patients [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Oxaliplatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxaliplatin is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug in the same family as cisplatin and carboplatin. It is typically administered in combination with fluorouracil and leucovorin in a combination known as Folfox for the treatment of colorectal cancer. Compared to cisplatin the two amine groups are replaced by cyclohexyldiamine for improved antitumour activity. The chlorine ligands are replaced by the oxalato bidentate derived from oxalic acid in order to improve water solubility. Oxaliplatin is marketed by Sanofi-Aventis under the trademark Eloxatin®.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with infusional 5-FU/LV, is indicated for the treatment of advanced carcinoma of the colon or rectum and for adjuvant treatment of stage III colon cancer patients who have undergone complete resection of the primary tumor. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Salmeterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salmeterol is a long-acting beta2-adrenergic receptor agonist drug that is currently prescribed for the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Icatibant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icatibant (Firazyr) is a synthetic peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, and acts as an effective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors. It has been approved in the EU for use in hereditary angioedema, and is under investigation for a number of other conditions in which bradykinin is thought to play a significant role. Icatibant currently has orphan drug status in the United States and FDA approved on August 25, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Approved for use in acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema, liver disease, and burns and burn infections.
