DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Alkaline Phosphatase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alkaline Phosphatase (AP) is an oral treatment and has a veryfavorable side-effect profile. AP only acts locally in the colon to reduce the continuous inflammation of the colon by endotoxin from Gram-negative bacteria and extracellular ATP in UC patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Elsiglutide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diarrhea and adverse effects (chemotherapy).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Aviptadil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Montmorillonite
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  CAM-2029
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAM2029 is a new ready-to-use, long-acting octreotide formulation being developed for the long-term treatment of acromegaly, carcinoid syndrome and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP)-producing tumours. CAM2029 was found to provide long-acting release of octreotide resulting in a statistically significant suppression of a clinical biomarker insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) over the target one-month therapeutic period.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acromegaly and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  IGN301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IGN301 is a cancer vaccine based on an anti-idiotypic antibody which provokes an immune response to Lewis Y. Lewis Y is a carbohydrate molecule expressed on the surface of tumor cells of epithelial origin (e.g. lung, intestinal, breast, prostate or ovarian cancers).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Plecanatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Plecanatide is a drug approved in January 2017 by the FDA for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). It should not be used in children less than six years of age, and should be avoided in patients six years to 18 years of age
4. Indication:  Plecanatide stimulates intestinal fluid secretions in the gastrointestinal tract to support regular bowel function. Plecanatide, taken orally once daily, works locally in the upper GI tract to stimulate secretion of intestinal fluid and support regular bowel function.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Salmonella typhi ty21a live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salmonella typhi ty21a live antigen is a live attenuated vaccine for oral administration only. It contains the attenuated strain Salmonella typhi Ty21a. The vaccine prevents the development of typhoid fever, an acute, febrile enteric disease caused by Salmonella typhi by inducing a local immune response in the intestinal tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Piperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste.Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful.Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.
4. Indication:  Used as alternative treatment for ascariasis caused by Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm) and enterobiasis (oxyuriasis) caused by Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm). It is also used to treat partial intestinal obstruction by the common roundworm, a condition primarily occurring in children.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Attapulgite
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Attapulgite is a magnesium aluminium phyllosilicate which occurs in a type of clay soil common to the Southeastern United States. When used in medicine, it physically binds to acids and toxic substances in the stomach and digestive tract. For that reason, it has often been used in antidiarrheal medications. Until 2003, it was the active ingredient used in Kaopectate, before that product was reformulated with bismuth subsalicylate.
4. Indication:  When used in medicine, it physically binds to acids and toxic substances in the stomach and digestive tract. For that reason, it has often been used in antidiarrheal medications. Attapulgite is an adsorbent. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  AV608
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Epetraborole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epetraborole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Infections, Bacterial, Infections, Intestinal, Infections, Urinary Tract, and Community-acquired Infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Paromomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An oligosaccharide antibiotic produced by various streptomyces. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic intestinal amebiasis (it is not effective in extraintestinal amebiasis). Also for the management of hepatic coma as adjunctive therapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Loperamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the long-acting synthetic antidiarrheals; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release locally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease or gastroenteritis. Also used for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycol (Macrogol, PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. PEG is the basis of a number of laxatives (e.g., macrogol-containing products, such as Movicol and polyethylene glycol 3350, or SoftLax, MiraLAX,ClearLAX, Osmolax or GlycoLax). Whole bowel irrigation with polyethylene glycol and added electrolytes is used for bowel preparation before surgery or colonoscopy. Therapeutic classification is as an Osmotic Laxative that works by drawing water into the lumen of the intestinal tract. Shown to decrease consistency and increase weight of stool in constipated patients at low doses.
4. Indication:  Used to treat and prevent constipation.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Valganciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valganciclovir hydrochloride (Valcyte, manufactured by Roche) is an antiviral medication used to treat cytomegalovirus infections. As the L-valyl ester of ganciclovir, it is actually a prodrug for ganciclovir. After oral administration, it is rapidly converted to ganciclovir by intestinal and hepatic esterases.
4. Indication:  Valganciclovir is an antiviral medication used for the treatment of cytomegalovirus infections.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pivmecillinam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pivmecillinam is a mecillinam prodrug, a pivaloyloxymethyl ester of amdinocillin that is well absorbed orally, but broken down to amdinocillin in the intestinal mucosa. It is active against gram-negative organisms and used as for amdinocillin. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat infections due to mecillinam-sensitive organisms such as urinary tract infections, salmonellosis and typhoid fever.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Pectin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pectin is a heteropolysaccharide commercially derived from the cell wall of higher plants.[2] It is composed of partially methylated polygalacturonic acid units linked in the positions 1-4.[7] The carboxylic group of the constituents of pectin can exist in the form of esters, free acids, ammonium, potassium or sodium salts or as acid amides. Under the FDA regulation, pectin qualifies as a GRAS (generally recognized as safe) food substance. This status allows pectin to be used with no limitations.[6]
4. Indication:  Pectin is used in food as a gelling agent and stabilizer. As a medical drug, it has obtained a great interest in its potential use as a source of dietary fiber, lipid, cholesterol, serum glucose and insulin level lowering effect, gastric emptying delay.[2] Some recent studies have researched the possibility of using pectin for the formation of nanoparticles as a delivery vehicle of drugs.[3]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Miglitol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglitol is an oral anti-diabetic drug that acts by inhibiting the ability of the patient to breakdown complex carbohydrates into glucose. It is primarily used in diabetes mellitus type 2 for establishing greater glycemic control by preventing the digestion of carbohydrates (such as disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides) into monosaccharides which can be absorbed by the body.Miglitol inhibits glycoside hydrolase enzymes called alpha-glucosidases. Since miglitol works by preventing digestion of carbohydrates, it lowers the degree of postprandial hyperglycemia. It must be taken at the start of main meals to have maximal effect. Its effect will depend on the amount of non-monosaccharide carbohydrates in a person's diet.In contrast to acarbose (another alpha-glucosidase inhibitor), miglitol is systemically absorbed; however, it is not metabolized and is excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet to improve glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) whose hyperglycemia cannot be managed with diet alone.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Oxibendazole
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxibendazole is a polymerase inhibitor in phase III trials for the treatment of helminth intestinal infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and pediatric indications.
