DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nimodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nimodipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nimodipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Compared to other calcium channel blocking agents, nimodipine exhibits greater effects on cerebral circulation than on peripheral circulation. Nimodipine is used to as an adjunct to improve the neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to improve neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from ruptured intracranial berry aneurysms by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Clazosentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gadoteric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadoteric acid is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. Gadoteric acid, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
4. Indication:  Gadoteric acid is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thiopental
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the induction of general anesthesia or for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration. It is also used for hypnosis and for the control of convulsive states. It has been used in neurosurgical patients to reduce increased intracranial pressure. It does not produce any excitation but has poor analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. Small doses have been shown to be anti-analgesic and lower the pain threshold. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p920)
4. Indication:  For use as the sole anesthetic agent for brief (15 minute) procedures, for induction of anesthesia prior to administration of other anesthetic agents, to supplement regional anesthesia, to provide hypnosis during balanced anesthesia with other agents for analgesia or muscle relaxation, for the control of convulsive states during or following inhalation anesthesia or local anesthesia, in neurosurgical patients with increased intracranial pressure, and for narcoanalysis and narcosynthesis in psychiatric disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gadodiamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadodiamide is a gadolinium based contrast agent used in MR imaging procedures to assist in the visualization of blood vessels. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Omniscan.
4. Indication:  For intravenous use in MRI to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity (or those thought to cause abnormalities in the blood-brain barrier) in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine, and associated tissues.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nalidixic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms, including the majority of E. Coli, Enterobacter species, Klebsiella species, and Proteus species.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Metaraminol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic agonist that acts predominantly at alpha adrenergic receptors and also stimulates the release of norepinephrine. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of hypotension due to hemorrhage, spinal anesthesia, and shock associated with brain damage
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pipotiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pipotiazine has actions similar to those of other phenothiazines. Among the different phenothiazine derivatives, it appears to be less sedating and to have a weak propensity for causing hypotension or potentiating the effects of CNS depressants and anesthetics. However, it produces a high incidence of extra pyramidal reactions. It is used for the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients. Symptoms of overdose include severe extrapyramidal manifestations, hypotension, lethargy and sedation.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Omapatrilat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omapatrilat is an investigational drug that inhibits both neutral endopeptidase (NEP) and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). NEP inhibition results in elevated natriuretic peptide levels, promoting natriuresis, diuresis, vasodilation, and reductions in preload and ventricular remodeling. This drug from BMS was not approved by the FDA due to angioedema safety concerns.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bupranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to "propranolol":http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00571.
4. Indication:  Used to manage hypertension and tachycardia. Also used to treat glaucoma.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Oxytetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog isolated from the actinomycete streptomyces rimosus and used in a wide variety of clinical conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxytetracycline is indicated for treatment of infections caused by a variety of Gram positive and Gram negative microorganisms including Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Pasteurella pestis, Escherichia coli, Haemophilus influenzae (respiratory infections), and Diplococcus pneumoniae.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Gadopentetate dimeglumine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)
4. Indication:  For use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults, and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine and associated tissues as well as lesions with abnormal vascularity in the head and neck. Also used to facilitate the visualization of lesions with abnormal vascularity in the body (excluding the heart).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Zolmitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zolmitriptan is a synthetic tryptamine derivative and appears as a white powder that is readily soluble in water. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of adult migraine with or without auras.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Glucarpidase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glucarpidase is the recombinant form of the Pseudomonas sp. (strain RS-16) enzyme carboxypeptidase G2 that is produced in Escherichia coli. In patients, glucarpidase inactivates methotrexate, and other antifolates, by hydrolyzing glutamate on the carboxyl terminal of these compounds. Therefore since methotrexate is eliminated enzymatically and not by the kidneys, glucarpidase is indicated in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (>1 micromole per liter). Glucarpidase is marketed under the brand name Voraxaze®.
4. Indication:  Used in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (> 1 micromole per liter).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Midodrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ethanolamine derivative that is an adrenergic alpha agonist. It is used as a vasoconstrictor agent in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic orthostatic hypotension (OH).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Methoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic agonist that causes prolonged peripheral vasoconstriction. It has little if any direct effect on the central nervous system. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and management of hypotension.
