DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SPP1148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP1148, the most promising compound from a new series of renin inhibitors for the treatment of hypertension and related end-organ disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Doxycycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity. Animal studies suggest that it may cause less tooth staining than other tetracyclines. It is used in some areas for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria (malaria, falciparum).
4. Indication:  Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Bamosiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bamosiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, and Open Angle Glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Terbogrel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Terbogrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Pulmonary.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Clazosentan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Gadoteric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadoteric acid is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. Gadoteric acid, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
4. Indication:  Gadoteric acid is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PF-00489791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PF-00489791 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Raynaud's Disease, Diabetic Nephropathies, Hypertension, Pulmonary, and Peripheral Vascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cryptenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cryptenamine is a mixture of closely related hypotensive alkaloids from Veratrum album (Liliaceae). It has been used in the treatment of hypertension but has largely been replaced by drugs with fewer adverse effects. Cryptenamine has a marked and re-producible depressor effect when given intravenously to hypertensive patients, however the mechanism of action is not known.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Quinethazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quinethazone (INN, brand name Hydromox) is a thiazide diuretic used to treat hypertension. Common side effects include dizziness, dry mouth, nausea, and low potassium levels.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hypertension.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Actelion-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actelion-1 is a tissue-targeting Endothelin Receptor Antagonist that has been discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nimodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nimodipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nimodipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Compared to other calcium channel blocking agents, nimodipine exhibits greater effects on cerebral circulation than on peripheral circulation. Nimodipine is used to as an adjunct to improve the neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to improve neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from ruptured intracranial berry aneurysms by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thiopental
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A barbiturate that is administered intravenously for the induction of general anesthesia or for the production of complete anesthesia of short duration. It is also used for hypnosis and for the control of convulsive states. It has been used in neurosurgical patients to reduce increased intracranial pressure. It does not produce any excitation but has poor analgesic and muscle relaxant properties. Small doses have been shown to be anti-analgesic and lower the pain threshold. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p920)
4. Indication:  For use as the sole anesthetic agent for brief (15 minute) procedures, for induction of anesthesia prior to administration of other anesthetic agents, to supplement regional anesthesia, to provide hypnosis during balanced anesthesia with other agents for analgesia or muscle relaxation, for the control of convulsive states during or following inhalation anesthesia or local anesthesia, in neurosurgical patients with increased intracranial pressure, and for narcoanalysis and narcosynthesis in psychiatric disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bethanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A guanidinium antihypertensive agent that acts by blocking adrenergic transmission.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Chlorphentermine
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent that was formerly used as an anorectic. It has properties similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been implicated in lipid storage disorders and pulmonary hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1223)
4. Indication:  Used as an appetite suppressant.
