DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tantalum
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tantalum has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Osteoarthritis, Knee Osteoarthritis, Intraoperative Bleeding, and Adolescent Idiopathic Scoliosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Perflubron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Perflubron (Oxygent) is being developed as an intravascular oxygen carrier designed to augment oxygen delivery in surgical patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac surgery, hemorrhage, and ileus.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  RIGScan CR49
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RIGScan CR49, a 125I-labelled CR monoclonal antibody directed against the tumour-associated antigen TAG-72, is undergoing development with Neoprobe for the intraoperative detection of metastatic colorectal cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer and solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Reglixane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Reglixane, an isoxazolidine-3,5-dione derivative, is being developed by Pfizer for the treatment of diabetes. It is the first non-thiazolidenedione to enter clinical trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Apraclonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Apraclonidine, also known as iopidine, is a sympathomimetic used in glaucoma therapy. It is an alpha2-adrenergic agonist.
4. Indication:  For prevention or reduction of intraoperative and postoperative increases in intraocular pressure (IOP) before and after ocular laser surgery when used prophylactically. Also used as a short-term adjunctive therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma who are on maximally tolerated medical therapy requiring additional IOP reduction.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tolrestat
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tolrestat (INN) (AY-27773) is an aldose reductase inhibitor which was approved for the control of certain diabetic complications. While it was approved for marketed in several countries, it failed a Phase III trial in the U.S. due to toxicity and never received FDA approval. It was discontinued by Wyeth in 1997 because of the risk of severe liver toxicity and death. It was sold under the tradename Alredase. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the pharmacological control of certain diabetic complications.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sonedenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sonedenoson has been used in trials studying the treatment of Foot Ulcer, Diabetic and Diabetes Complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic imaging agent approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the imaging of lymph nodes with or without scintigraphic imaging. It is a macromolecule consisting of multiple units of diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid (DTPA) and mannose, each covalently attached to a 10 kDa dextran backbone [FDA Label]. DTPA serves as a chelating agent for technetium Tc 99m to bind [FDA Label]. Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is used in lymphatic mapping and lymph node localization in breast cancer, melanoma, clinically node-negative squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity, and other solid tumors [2, 3]. Detecting sentinel lymph node (SLN) is clinically useful in the prognosis and management of the disease, as it is considered as the first lymph node that receives afferent lymphatic drainage from a primary tumor, and may be used to predict tumour staging and metastasis [3]. However, as nodal micrometastasis in breast cancer may not be associated with significant changes in survival, it is also important to identify clinically node-negative patients [3]. Technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept is a novel CD206 receptor-targeted molecule that selectively binds to mannose receptors expressed on the surface of reticuloendothelial cells in lymph nodes [1]. Due to its relatively small molecular weight and small molecular diameter of 7 nm [1], technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept displays more rapid injection site clearance, high sentinel node extraction, and low distal node accumulation compared to other conventional radiocolloids [3]. It achieves high overall accuracy in detecting SLN [2]. Once reconstituted and labelled, technetium Tc99m tilmanocept is intended to be injected in close proximity to the tumor being diagnosed and employed in preoperative gamma detection imaging in combination with various other techniques, including scintigraphy, SPECT, and SPECT/CT [4]. It may be administered via subcutaneous, intradermal, subareolar, or peritumoral injection, depending on the tutor location and planned injection technique [FDA Label]. It is marketed under the trade name Lymphoseek. Potential application of technetium Tc-99m tilmanocept to other cancers are being investigated [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated with or without scintigraphic imaging for lymphatic mapping using a handheld gamma counter to locate lymph nodes draining a primary tumor site in patients with solid tumors for which this procedure is a component of intraoperative management [FDA Label].Indicated with or without scintigraphic imaging for guiding sentinel lymph node biopsy using a handheld gamma counter in patients with clinically node negative squamous cell carcinoma of the oral cavity, breast cancer or melanoma [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Metreleptin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metreleptin, a recombinant analog of the human hormone leptin, is an orphan drug used to treat complications of leptin deficiency in people with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy. Affecting less than 500 people worldwide, lipodystrophy is characterized by a lack of adipose tissue, fat deposition in the muscles and liver, and metabolic complications such as hypertriglyceridemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver disease. These metabolic abnormalities are often aggravated by excessive food intake, which is further aggravated by leptin deficiency, a protein secreted by adipose tissue. Administration of Metreleptin results in improvement of metabolic symptoms including improvements in insulin resistance, reduced HbA1c and fasting glucose, reduced triglycerides, and reductions in food intake. Metreleptin is produced in E. coli and differs from native human leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. It is administered as a once daily subcutaneous injection. On Feb. 24, 2014, Metreleptin was approved by the FDA for the treatment of complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metreleptin is marketed under the brand Myalept® by Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Metreleptin is indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VIIa Recombinant Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human coagulation Factor VIIa (rFVIIa), intended for promoting hemostasis by activating the extrinsic pathway of the coagulation cascade. NovoSeven is a vitamin K-dependent glycoprotein consisting of 406 amino acid residues. Cloned and expressed in hamster kidney cells, the protein is catalytically active in a two-chain form.
4. Indication:  For treatment of hemorrhagic complications in hemophilia A and B
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  DG041
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG041 is a novel, first-in-class, orally-administered small molecule developmented for the prevention of arterial thrombosis and its complications.DG041, an anti-platelet compound, has shown to be a selective and potent antagonist of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandins E2. EP3 is a target that associates with increased risk of various vascular diseases. It block the formation of blood clots mediated through inflammation in atherosclerotic plaques but without increasing bleeding risk.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Betahistine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Betahistine is an antivertigo drug first used for treating vertigo assosicated with Ménière's disease. It is also commonly used for patients with balance disorders.
4. Indication:  For the reduction of episodes of vertigo association with Ménière's disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Anisindione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisindione is a synthetic anticoagulant and an indanedione derivative. It prevents the formation of active procoagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X, as well as the anticoagulant proteins C and S, in the liver by inhibiting the vitamin K-mediated gamma-carboxylation of precursor proteins.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, the treatment of atrial fibrillation with embolization, the prophylaxis and treatment of pulmonary embolism, and as an adjunct in the treatment of coronary occlusion.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dextran 40
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 40 is a sterile, nonpyrogenic preparation of low molecular weight dextran (average mol. wt. 40,000) in 5% Dextrose Injection or 0.9% Sodium Chloride Injection. It is administered by intravenous infusion.
4. Indication:  Dextran 40 is indicated for use in the adjunctive treatment of shock or impending shock due to hemorrhage, burns, surgery or other trauma. Also, indicated for use as a priming fluid, either as a sole prime or as an additive, in pump oxygenators during extracorporeal circulation.Dextran 40 is also indicated for use in prophylaxis of venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism in patients undergoing procedures known to be associated with a high incidence of thromboembolic complications, such as hip surgery.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Rosoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rosoxacin is a quinolone derivative antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients. Rosoxacin is known to be effective against penicillin resistant strains and is a single dose orally administered drug, which avoids all complications of parenteral administration seen with penicillin, especially anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant zoster vaccine, manufactured as the product Shingrix by GlaxoSmithKline, is an adjuvanted non-live recombinant vaccine indicated for prevention of shingles. First approved in October 2017 by the Food and Drug Administration, Shingrix is the preferred vaccine for preventing varicella zoster infection in people aged 50 years and older, replacing Zostavax as first line therapy[4]. Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by a reactivation of Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV), the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox in childhood. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash. Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [3]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age [FDA Label]. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.The main immunological component of Shingrix vaccine is glycoprotein E (gE), a protein found on the surface of varicella zoster virus (VZV). Immune exposure to gE protein stimulates the development of anti-gE antibodies, and therefore adaptive immunity to VZV. Shingrix also contains an adjuvant system, AS01B, which is intended to enhance the immunological response to the vaccine leading to longer lasting and greater immunogenicity to the herpes zoster virus [2].
4. Indication:  Shingrix vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in adults aged 50 years and older.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Levobetaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levobetaxolol is a drug used to lower the pressure in the eye in treating conditions such as glaucoma. It was marketed as a 0.5% ophthalmic solution of levobetaxolol hydrochloride under the trade name Betaxon but has been discontinued. Levobetaxolol is a beta-adrenergic receptor inhibitor (beta blocker).
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Talc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Talc is a mineral composed primarily of magnesium, silicon and oxygen. It is a substance often found in cosmetic and personal hygiene products including baby powder, adult body powders and facial powders. Talc helps absorb moisture, freshen materials, and reduce friction to prevent rashes.Although talc has been widely used for decades, lawsuits that have come to the surface claim serious health complications linked to its use. In fact, recent studies have reported that talc increases the risk of ovarian and endometrial cancers by approximately 30 percent.
4. Indication:  Preventing diaper rashes, Eliminating body odors, Preventing skin from chafing due to friction, Various cosmetics such as eyeshadow and lipstickAbsorbing excess oil in hair, Freshening clothes and other materials. 
