DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MIV-701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MIV-701 is a selective, potent inhibitor of the protease Cathepsin K. It is developed for the treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Triamcinolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given, as the free alcohol or in esterified form, orally, intramuscularly, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p739)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  OMS-103HP
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OMS103HP is the first drug being developed to improve joint function following arthroscopic surgery, one of the most common procedures performed today by orthopedic surgeons.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), knee replacement, orthopedic surgery, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ammonia
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ammonia is a naturally-occurring compound with a chemical formula NH3 and structure of trigonal pyramidal geometry. It is a colorless gas with a pungent smell, and become NH4, or ammonium ion, when in water. Although ammonia is used as a food additive in the anhydrous form and serves as a starting material in pharmaceutical and commercial products, it is caustic and hazardous when concentrated. Ammonia gas has been used in the clinical setting as a respiratory stimulant to prevent fainting. The radiolabelled form of ammonia, ammonia N 13, is intravenously administered as a radioactive diagnostic agent for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium to evaluate myocardial perfusion. Ammonia is a natural byproduct of biological and chemical reactions, including decomposition of organic matter, including plants, animals, and animal wastes. It is present in normally present in all tissues constituting a metabolic pool, where it is mostly taken up by glutamic acid and take part in transamination and other reactions, including the synthesis of protein by the Krebs-Hanseleit cycle in the liver [5]. It is proposed that human adults produce about 1000 mmol of ammonia daily, most of which undergoes excretion in the urine.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a smelling salt to treat or prevent fainting. (when radiolabelled) Indicated for diagnostic PET imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate myocardial perfusion in patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Povidone-iodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Povidone-iodine is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis. This unique complex was discovered in 1955 at the Industrial Toxicology Laboratories in Philadelphia by H. A. Shelanski and M. V. Shelanski. They carried out tests in vitro to demonstrate anti-bacterial activity, and found that the complex was less toxic in mice than tincture of iodine. Human clinical trials showed the product to be superior to other iodine formulations. Povidone-iodine was immediately marketed, and has since become the universally preferred iodine antiseptic.
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment and prevention of infection in wounds.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Boceprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Boceprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [7]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Boceprevir. Boceprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [5]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Boceprevir is still effective against HCV when paired with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) do not reccomend Boceprevir in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b as first line therapy for Hepatitis C [5]. Boceprevir, Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6].Boceprevir is available as a fixed dose product (tradename Victrelis) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in May 2011 by the FDA, Victrelis is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1 in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b [FDA Label]. Victrelis is no longer widely used as interferon-free therapies have been developed.
4. Indication:  Boceprevir, when used in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for use in the treatment of chronic HCV genotype 1 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fulranumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fulranumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Cystitis, Neuralgia, Joint Pain, and Arthralgia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Grazoprevir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Grazoprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [6]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Grazoprevir. Grazoprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [4]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Grazoprevir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Elbasvir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Grazoprevir as first line therapy in combination with Elbasvir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [4]. Grazoprevir and Elbasvir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [5].Grazoprevir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Elbasvir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Grazoprevir and Elbasvir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [6]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Grazoprevir is indicated in combination with Elbasvir (as the fixed dose combination product Zepatier) with or without Ribavirin for treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, or 4 infection in adults. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Velpatasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Velpatasvir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Velpatasvir acts as a defective substrate for NS5A (Non-Structural Protein 5A), a non-enzymatic viral protein that plays a key role in Hepatitis C Virus replication, assembly, and modulation of host immune responses [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as velpatasvir. Notably, velpatasvir has a significantly higher barrier to resistance than the first generation NS5A inhibitors, such as Ledipasvir and Daclatasvir, making it a highly potent and reliable alternative for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C [6]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Velpatasvir as first line therapy in combination with sofosbuvir for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [8]. Velpatasvir is currently only available within a fixed dose combination product as Epclusa with Sofosbuvir, another direct acting antiviral. Goals of therapy for Epclusa include the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality and risk of requiring a liver transplant [5].Since June 2016, Velpatasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir, as the commercially available product Epclusa. Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. It is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis and a high barrier to resistance [8]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [8, 5].
4. Indication:  Velpatasvir is used in combination therapy with other antiviral medications to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infected patients with HCV genoptypes 1-6, and to treat HCV and HIV co-infected patients. Depending on the level of cirrhosis or decompensation, combination therapy can also include therapy with Ribavirin.When used in combination with Sofosbuvir as the combination product Epclusa, Velpatasvir is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, or in combination with Ribavirin if associated with decompensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Elbasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elbasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [5]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Elbasvir. Elbasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [Synthesis]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [3]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 are known to confer resistance to Elbasvir [FDA Label]. Despite this disadvantage Elbasvir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Grazoprevir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Elbasvir as first line therapy in combination with Grazoprevir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [3]. Elbasvir and Grazoprevir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4].Elbasvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Grazoprevir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Elbasvir and Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [5]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Elbasvir, when used in combination with Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier, is indicated for use with or without ribavirin for the treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dasabuvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dasabuvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Dasabuvir. Dasabuvir is a non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitor which binds to the palm domain of NS5B and induces a conformational change which renders the polymerase unable to elongate viral RNA [FDA Label]. The binding sites for non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitors are poorly conserved across HCV genotypes leading to the restriction of Dasabuvir's use to genotype 1 only.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Dasabuvir as first line therapy in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir for genotype 1b and with Ribavirin for genotype 1a of Hepatitis C [8]. Dasabuvir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [7].Dasabuvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (tradename Viekira Pak) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in December 2014 by the FDA, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin [FDA Label]. When combined together, Dasabuvir Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir as the combination product Viekira Pak have been shown to achieve a SVR of 100% for genotype 1b and 89% or 95% for genotype 1a after 12 weeks or 24 weeks of treatment including Ribavirin.
4. Indication:  Dasabuvir, in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (as Viekira Pak) is indicated for the treatment of patients with HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin including those with compensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ledipasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ledipasvir is a direct acting antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [9]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as ledipasvir. More specifically, ledipasvir is an inhibitor of the Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Non-Structural Protein 5A (NS5A), which is required for viral RNA replication and assembly of HCV virions. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it is postulated to prevent hyperphosphorylation of NS5A which is required for viral protein production. It is effective against genotypes 1a, 1b, 4a, and 5a and with a lesser activity against genotypes 2a and 3a of HCV. Ledipasvir and other direct acting antivirals are very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [8]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend ledipasvir as a first line therapy option in combination with Sofosbuvir for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, 4, 5, and 6 [9]. Treatment with ledipasvir is used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as ledipasvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [7]. Since 2014, ledipasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [FDA Label]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [5].
4. Indication:  When used in combination with the antiviral medication Sofosbuvir as the commercially available product Harvoni, ledipasvir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [5].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  KC706
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KC706 is a novel anti-inflammatory drug that works by inhibiting the activity of p38 MAP kinase. KC706 holds potential to treat inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease and cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory bowel disease, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ombitasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ombitasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Ombitasvir. Ombitasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [5]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Ombitasvir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 [8]. Depending on the genotype, Ombitasvir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Dasabuvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as Ombitasvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [7].Ombutasvir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with Dasabuvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Ombutasvir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Paritaprevir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, Ombutasvir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Dasabuvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  When used in combination with Paritaprevir and Ritonavir (as the fixed dose product Technivie), Ombitasvir is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis [9].When used in combination with Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, and Dasabuvir (as the fixed dose product Viekira Pak), Ombitasvir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b and ,when combined with Ribavirin, for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a [FDA Label]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Paritaprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paritaprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as paritaprevir. As a newer generation and directly acting HCV antiviral, paritaprevir products have better Sustained Virological Response (SVR) rates, higher barriers to resistance, fewer side effects, and a reduced pill burden compared to older agents such as Boceprevir, Telaprevir, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, and Ribavirin. By combining multiple antiretroviral medications into fixed dose products, the viral lifecycle can be targeted at multiple stages while simultaneously reducing the risk of developing resistant viral strains [7]. Within Canada and the United States, paritaprevir is currently available in three fixed dose products: Viekira Pak (FDA), Technivie (FDA and Health Canada), and Holkira Pak (Health Canada).More specifically, paritaprevir prevents viral replication by inhibiting the NS3/4A serine protease of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) [FDA Label]. Following viral replication of HCV genetic material and translation into a single polypeptide, Nonstructural Protein 3 (NS3) and its activating cofactor Nonstructural Protein 4A (NS4A) are responsible for cleaving genetic material into the following structural and nonstructural proteins required for assembly into mature virus: NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A, and NS5B [6]. By inhibiting viral protease NS3/4A, paritaprevir therefore prevents viral replication and function. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Paritaprevir as a first line therapy option when used in combination with other antivirals for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4[8]. Depending on the genotype, Paritaprevir is often used in combination with other antivirals such as Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin, with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as paritaprevir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [5]. Paritaprevir first came on the market as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, paritaprevir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Ritonavir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie, paritaprevir is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.When used within the fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Ritonavir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak, paritaprevir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Creatinolfosfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COP is under investigation for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis, Mature B-Cell Lymphoma, and Noninflammatory Degenerative Joint Disease. COP has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
