DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Binetrakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Binetrakin has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections, Sarcoma, Kaposi, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL), Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS), and Leukemia, Acute Myelogenous (AML), among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Incyclinide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Incyclinide has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infection, AIDS-related Kaposi Sarcoma, Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors, and Unspecified Adult Solid Tumor, Protocol Specific.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TNP-470
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  O-(chloroacetylcarbamoyl)fumagillol (TNP-470) has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections, Sarcoma, Kaposi, and Pancreatic Neoplasms.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Vesnarinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vesnarinone has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections and Sarcoma, Kaposi.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Quinidine barbiturate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The administration of quinidine derivatives helps to observe various skin and mucosal reactions. A papulopurpuric eruption in a patient (without thrombopenia) can be developed who is taking quinidine phenylethyl barbiturate intermittently and at reintroduction.(PMID: 9739909)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. The quantitation of in vitro IgE antibodies to the benzylpenicilloyl determinant is a useful tool for evaluating allergic subjects.
4. Indication:  For use as a adjunct in assessing the risk of administering penicillin (benzylpenicillin or penicillin G).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Afamelanotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Afamelanotide is an analog of the peptide hormone alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone (alpha-MSH) that tends to induce skin tanning. It is being developed by the Australian company Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals (previously known as EpiTan). Afamelanotide was approved in Europe in October, 2014 for the treatment of erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP). Clinuvel now intends to seek approval of afamelanotide in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis, keratoses, skin cell studies, and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lumefantrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumefantrine is an antimalarial agent used to treat acute uncomplicated malaria. It is administered in combination with artemether for improved efficacy. This combination therapy exerts its effects against the erythrocytic stages of Plasmodium spp. and may be used to treat infections caused by P. falciparum and unidentified Plasmodium species, including infections acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas.
4. Indication:  Lumefantrine and artemether combination therapy is indicated for the treatment of acute uncomplicated malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum, including malaria acquired in chloroquine-resistant areas. May also be used to treat uncomplicated malaria when the Plasmodium species has not been identified. Indicated for use in adults and children greater than 5 kg. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
