DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Avotermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Juvista has been investigated for the treatment, prevention, and basic science of Scars, Keloid, and Cicatrix.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Balsam of Peru
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Balsam of Peru, also known and marketed by many other names, is a natural resin derived from a tree known as Myroxylon, which is grown in Central America (primarily in El Salvador) and South America. It is a contact allergen but has been used in the local treatment of burns and wounds. Other applications include flavoring agent in foods and drinks and frangrance in cosmetic products.
4. Indication:  For use as an aid in the treatment of external wounds and assists healing by facilitating the removal of necrotic tissue, exudate and organic debris.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Afimoxifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Afimoxifene (4-Hydroxytamoxifen, trade name TamoGel) is a new estrogen inhibitor under investigation for a variety of estrogen-dependent conditions, including cyclic breast pain and gynecomastia. TamoGel is formulated using Enhanced Hydroalcoholic Gel (EHG) Technology. This technology enables percutaneous delivery of drugs that cannot be delivered orally. It is being developed by Ascent Therapeutics.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of menstrual-cycle related mastalgia, fibrocystic breast disease, breast disease, gynecomastia and Keloid scarring.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Prednicarbate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Prednicarbate is a relatively new topical corticosteroid drug. It is similar in potency to hydrocortisone. It is used in the treatment of inflammatory skin diseases, such as atopic dermatitis. It has a favorable benefit-risk ratio, with an inflammatory action similar to that of a medium potency corticosteroid, but with a low potential to cause skin atrophy. The anti-inflammation action of corticosteroids is associated with the inhibition of the interleukin 1-alpha cytokine within keratinocytes. IL-1a is also found in fibroblasts, where it is responsible for proliferation, collagenase induction and IL-6 synthesis, which are related to skin thickness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Eucalyptol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Eucalyptol is a natural organic compound which is a colorless liquid. It is a cyclic ether and a monoterpenoid. Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant. It controls airway mucus hypersecretion and asthma via anti-inflammatory cytokine inhibition. Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.
4. Indication:  Not Available
