DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rebamipide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rebamipide has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Ulcer, Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca, and Gastric Adenoma and Early Gastric Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lifitegrast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lifitegrast is a FDA approved drug for the treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It is a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1) antagonist that was discovered through the rational design process. The ophthalmic solution was approved in July, 2016 under the trade name Xiidra. It has shown to protect the corneal surface and alleviate the symptoms of dry eye syndrome with fast onset of action and well tolerated profile in both local and systemic setting [2].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of signs and symptoms of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cyclosporine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A cyclic undecapeptide from an extract of soil fungi. It is a powerful immunosupressant with a specific action on T-lymphocytes. It is used for the prophylaxis of graft rejection in organ and tissue transplantation. Cyclosporine is produced as a metabolite by the fungus species Cordyceps militaris. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed).
4. Indication:  For treatment of transplant (kidney, liver, and heart) rejection, rheumatoid arthritis, severe psoriasis. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trifluridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antiviral derivative of thymidine used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p557)
4. Indication:  Ophthalmic solution for the treatment of primay keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus, types 1 and 2.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Idoxuridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in keratoconjunctivitis and keratitis caused by herpes simplex virus.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lodoxamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lodoxamide is a mast-cell stabilizer for topical administration into the eye. Mast-cell stabilizers, first one approved being cromolyn sodium, are used in treatment of ocular hypersensitivity reactions such as vernal conjunctivitis. These conditions often require treatment with anti-inflammatory medications such as ophthalmic NSAIDs or topical steroids which may cause systemic or toxic effects long-term. Although less effective than topical steroids at decreasing inflammation, mast-cell stabilizers offer another treatment option and exhibit minimal adverse effects. Lodoxamide is marketed under the brand name Alomide by Alcon. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of the ocular disorders referred to by the terms vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
