DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ATX-201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATX-201 is one of a family of novel compounds that inhibits microtubule polymerization. It is developed by Kythera Biopharmaceuticals, Inc. for the treatment of actinickeratosis. The company announced the decision to discontinue its ATX-201 clinical program for actinic keratosis. The Company determined that the program was not meeting their expected primary and exploratory objectives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  BF-200 ALA
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  BF-200 ALA is under investigation by Biofrontera which shows positive results from its Phase IIb/III trial. According to Biofrontera, BF-200 ALA was strongly and significantly superior to placebo in the treatment of actinic keratosis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SL017
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SL017 formulated as a topical gel, has been combined with a widely available light source for permanent removal of unwanted hair and for treatment of actinic keratosis
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, actinic keratosis, cancer/tumors (unspecified), keratoses, and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ingenol Mebutate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ingenol mebutate was approved by the FDA in January 2012, and it is marketed under the name Picato®. Picato gel is indicated for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Before approval, ingenol mebutate was called PEP005 as an investigational drug. PEP005 is a selective small molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) extracted from the plant Euphorbia peplus, whose sap has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of skin conditions including warts and cancer. PEP005 also has potent anti-leukemic effects, inducing apoptosis in myeloid leukemia cell lines and primary AML cells at nanomolar concentrations. 
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Chloroxine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloroxine is a synthetic antibacterial compound. Chloroxine is a compound used in some shampoos for the treatment of dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of dandruff and mild to moderately severe seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pigment blue 16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Phthalocyanine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Selenium Sulfide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Selenium Sulfide is an antifungal agent as well as a cytostatic agent, slowing the growth of hyperproliferative cells in seborrhea. Selenium Sulfide is the active ingredient often used in shampoos for the treatment of dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis and tinea capitis, a fungal infection that is primarily a disease of preadolescent children.
4. Indication:  For treatment of tinea versicolor, tinea capitis, dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Borage oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Borage oil, or borage seed oil, is a rich source of gamma-linolenic acid (GLA) that is obtained from the seeds of the Borago officinalis (borage). Borage oil is used as an herbal treatment of skin disorders including eczema, seborrheic dermatitis, and neurodermatitis as well as other inflammatory, cardiovascular and endocrine disorders, although its clinical efficacy and long-term effects are not fully elucidated yet. GLA, which accounts for approximately 24% of the oil, is converted to dihomo-γ-linolenic acid (DGLA) which acts as a precursor to anti-inflammatory mediators such as 1-series prostaglandins and the 3-series leukotrienes. Borage oil may be found in foods or in skin care products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Tretinoin, also known as all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A (retinol). Retinoids such as tretinoin are important regulators of cell reproduction, proliferation, and differentiation and are used to treat acne and photodamaged skin and to manage keratinization disorders such as ichthyosis and keratosis follicularis. Tretinoin also represents the class of anticancer drugs called differentiating agents and is used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).
4. Indication:  For the the induction of remission in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), French-American-British (FAB) classification M3 (including the M3 variant); For the topical treatment of acne vulgaris, flat warts and other skin conditions (psoriasis, ichthyosis congenita, icthyosis vulgaris, lamellar icthyosis, keratosis palmaris et plantaris, epidermolytic hyperkeratosis, senile comedones, senile keratosis, keratosis follicularis (Darier's disease), and basal cell carcinomas.); For palliative therapy to improve fine wrinkling, mottled hyperpigmentation, roughness associated with photodamage.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Silicon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Silicon is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00103246 (Photodynamic Therapy Using Silicon Phthalocyanine 4 in Treating Patients With Actinic Keratosis, Bowen's Disease, Skin Cancer, or Stage I or Stage II Mycosis Fungoides).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Solamargine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solamargine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Actinic Keratosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Aminolevulinic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A compound produced from succinyl-CoA and glycine as an intermediate in heme synthesis. It is used as a photochemotherapy for actinic keratosis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Aminolevulinic acid plus blue light illumination using a blue light photodynamic therapy illuminator is indicated for the treatment of minimally to moderately thick actinic keratoses of the face or scalp.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Resorcinol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Resorcinol is a 1,3-isomer (or meta-isomer) of benzenediol with the formula C6H4(OH)2. It is used as an antiseptic and disinfectant in topical pharmaceutical products in the treatment of skin disorders and infections such as acne, seborrheic dermatitis, eczema, psoriasis, corns, calluses, and warts. It exerts a keratolytic activity. Resorcinol works by helping to remove hard, scaly, or roughened skin.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Adapalene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adapalene is a topical retinoid primarily used in the treatment of acne and is also used (off-label) to treat keratosis pilaris as well as other skin conditions. It is currently marketed by Galderma under the trade names Differin in some countries, and Adaferin in India.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of comedo, papular and pustular acne (acne vulgaris) of the face, chest or back.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Afamelanotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Afamelanotide is an analog of the peptide hormone alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone (alpha-MSH) that tends to induce skin tanning. It is being developed by the Australian company Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals (previously known as EpiTan). Afamelanotide was approved in Europe in October, 2014 for the treatment of erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP). Clinuvel now intends to seek approval of afamelanotide in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis, keratoses, skin cell studies, and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sulfur
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur is a chemical element that is present in all living tissues. After calcium and phosphorus, it is the third most abundant mineral in the human body. Sulfur is also found in garlic, onions and broccoli.People take sulfur by mouth for shortness of breath, allergies, swelling in the back of the throat (pharyngitis), high cholesterol, clogged arteries, menopause, and upper respiratory tract infections like the common cold. Sulfur seems to have an antibacterial activity. It has been also used for acne.
4. Indication:  Topically it is indicated for dandruff, acne, Hayfever, common cold, scaly and red skin patches (seborrheic dermatitis).Poison ivy, and sumac infections. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ozenoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  To date, ozenoxacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of impetigo.As of December 11, 2017 the FDA approved Ferrer Internacional S.A.'s Xepi (ozenoxacin 1%) as a topically applied cream indicated for the treatment of impetigo caused by Staphylococccus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes in adult and pediatric patients 2 months of age and older.Despite being a common and highly contagious bacerial skin infection that affects millions of children and adults in the United States each year, ozenoxacin cream is a novel, non-fluorinated quinolone that has demonstrated safe and effective therapy in both the adult and pediatric population.
4. Indication:  Ozenoxacin cream is indicated for the topical treatment of impetigo caused by Staphylococcus aureus or Streptococcus pyogenes in patients aged 2 months of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Diclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic actions. It is primarily available as the sodium salt. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pyrithione zinc
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pyrithione zinc, or zinc pyrithione or zinc pyridinethione, is a coordination complex consisted of pyrithione ligands chelated to zinc (2+) ions via oxygen and sulfur centers. In the crystalline state, it exists as a centrosymmetric dimer. Due to its dynamic fungistatic and bacteriostatic properties, pyrithione zinc is used to treat dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis. Dandruff is a common scalp disease affecting >40% of the world's adult population, and may be caused by fungi such as Malassezia globosa and M. restricta [3].Pyrithione zinc is commonly found as an active ingredient in OTC antidandruff topical treatments such as shampoos. It mediates its action by increasing the cellular levels of copper, and damaging iron-sulfur clusters of proteins essential for fungal metabolism and growth [1]. Due to low solubility, pyrithione zinc released from the topical formulations is deposited and retained relatively well onto the target skin surfaces [2]. Other uses of pyrithione zinc include additive in antifouling outdoor paints and algaecide. While its use has been approved in the early 1960's by the FDA [4], safety and effectiveness of pyrithione zinc has been reported for decades. It is not shown to have any significant estrogenic activity according to the in vivo and in vitro assays [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis [2]. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hydrocortisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The main glucocorticoid secreted by the adrenal cortex. Its synthetic counterpart is used, either as an injection or topically, in the treatment of inflammation, allergy, collagen diseases, asthma, adrenocortical deficiency, shock, and some neoplastic conditions. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders, such as arthritis, lupus, severe psoriasis, severe asthma, ulcerative colitis, and Crohn's disease.
