DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tesidolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  AVI-4020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  NOVA-22007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nova22007 is an investigational drug developed by Novagali for the treatment of dry eye and vernal keratoconjunctivitis (VKC). It is a Cyclosporine A ophthalmic product intended to be used to treat patients suffering from moderate-to-severe Dry Eye Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ACE393
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACE393 is an injectable vaccine designed to combat the bacterium Campylobacter jejuni, one of the greatest causes of bacterial diarrhoeal infections in the developed world.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diarrhea and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Asvasiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asvasiran is an siRNA that targets the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) N gene and inhibits viral replication. It has the potential to treat or prevent RSV infection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pafuramidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pneumonia, trypanosomiasis, malaria, HIV infection, and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rebamipide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rebamipide has been investigated for the treatment of Stomach Ulcer, Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca, and Gastric Adenoma and Early Gastric Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Trifluridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antiviral derivative of thymidine used mainly in the treatment of primary keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p557)
4. Indication:  Ophthalmic solution for the treatment of primay keratoconjunctivitis and recurrent epithelial keratitis due to herpes simplex virus, types 1 and 2.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alpha 1-antitrypsin is a glycoprotein primarily produced by hepatocytes, and to a lesser extent, immune system cells. Recombinant alpha 1-antitrypsin (rAAT) is produced from yeast, which unlike commercially available forms of plasma-derived AAT, eliminates the risk associated with blood-borne infectious agents and allows for a increased manufacturing. rAAT belongs to a family of structurally-related proteins classified as serine protease inhibitors or SERPINS, which are known to inhibit several proteases including trypsin, cathepsin G, thrombin, tissue kallikrein, as well as neutrophil elastase. The proteinase/antiproteinase balance is believed to be important for maintaining healthy skin. The rAAT topical gel (Dermolastin™) is indicated for patients with atopic dermatitis and psoriasis. The company has indicated that other formulations for gastroenterological and urological indications will also be developed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alpha 1 antitrypsin deficiency, atopic dermatitis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Crofelemer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Crofelemer, previously known as the investigational drug SP-303, is a novel proanthocyanidin purified from the bark latex of the Amazonian Croton tree Croton lechleri. It is marketed under the brand name Fulyzaq and indicated for the symptomatic treatment of non-infectious diarrhea in adult patients with HIV/AIDS who are taking antiretroviral therapy.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of non-infectious diarrhea in adult patients with HIV/AIDS who are taking antiretroviral therapy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lifitegrast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lifitegrast is a FDA approved drug for the treatment of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome). It is a tetrahydroisoquinoline derivative and lymphocyte function-associated antigen-1 ( LFA-1) antagonist that was discovered through the rational design process. The ophthalmic solution was approved in July, 2016 under the trade name Xiidra. It has shown to protect the corneal surface and alleviate the symptoms of dry eye syndrome with fast onset of action and well tolerated profile in both local and systemic setting [2].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of signs and symptoms of keratoconjunctivitis sicca (dry eye syndrome).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Domiphen
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Domiphen bromide is a topical antiseptic and a quaternary ammonium compound.
4. Indication:  Anti-infective (topical), it is used for the treatment of Acute Infectious Dental Diseases and other conditions.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Idoxuridine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analog of deoxyuridine that inhibits viral DNA synthesis. The drug is used as an antiviral agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in keratoconjunctivitis and keratitis caused by herpes simplex virus.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sitamaquine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sitamaquine (WR-6026) is an orally active 8-aminoquinoline analog in development by the Walter Reed Army Institute, in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (formerly SmithKline Beecham), for the potential treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Thrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thrombin Alfa is a human coagulation protein produced via recombinant DNA technology from a genetically modified CHO cell line. Thrombin Alfa is identical in amino acid sequence and structurally similar to naturally occurring human thrombin. Thrombin Alfa precursor is secreted to culture medium as single chain form that is proteolytically converted to a two-chain active form (using a protein derived from snakes) and is purified by a chromatographic process that yields a product having hemostatic activities similar to native human thrombin. The cell line used to manufacture Thrombin Alfa has been tested and shown to be free of known infectious agents. The cell culture process used in the manufacture of Thrombin Alfa employs no additives of human or animal origin. The purification process includes solvent-detergent treatment and nano-filtration steps dedicated to viral clearance.Nevertheless, because the incidence of hemostasis within a timely manner is relatively comparable between the use of thrombin alfa and the placebo treatment in patient subjects, thrombin alfa is not currently approved by certain organizations like the European Medicines Agency [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated to aid hemostasis whenever oozing blood and minor bleeding from capillaries and small venules is accessible and control of bleeding by standard surgical techniques (such as suture, ligature, or cautery) is ineffective or impractical in adults and pediatric populations greater than or equal to one month of age [FDA Label].Additionally, thrombin alfa can be used in conjunction with an absorbable gelatin sponge, USP [FDA Label].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Lanopepden
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanopepden has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pneumonia, Infections, Bacterial, Skin Diseases, Infectious, and Skin Infections, Bacterial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  SQ-109
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SQ-109 is an orally active, small molecule antibiotic for treatment of pulmonary TB. Currently in Phase I clinical trials, SQ-109 could replace one or more drugs in the current first-line TB drug regimen, simplify therapy, and shorten the TB treatment regimen.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), and tuberculosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Radezolid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abscess, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Streptococcal Infections, Infectious Skin Diseases, and Staphylococcal Skin Infections, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lodoxamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lodoxamide is a mast-cell stabilizer for topical administration into the eye. Mast-cell stabilizers, first one approved being cromolyn sodium, are used in treatment of ocular hypersensitivity reactions such as vernal conjunctivitis. These conditions often require treatment with anti-inflammatory medications such as ophthalmic NSAIDs or topical steroids which may cause systemic or toxic effects long-term. Although less effective than topical steroids at decreasing inflammation, mast-cell stabilizers offer another treatment option and exhibit minimal adverse effects. Lodoxamide is marketed under the brand name Alomide by Alcon. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of the ocular disorders referred to by the terms vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tipranavir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tipranavir is a sulfonamide-containing dyhydropyrone and a nonpeptidic protease inhibitor that targets the HIV protease. It is administered with ritonavir in combination therapy to treat HIV infections.
4. Indication:  For combination antiretroviral treatment of HIV-1 infected adult patients with evidence of viral replication, who are highly treatment-experienced or have HIV-1 strains resistant to multiple protease inhibitors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Oxibendazole
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxibendazole is a polymerase inhibitor in phase III trials for the treatment of helminth intestinal infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and pediatric indications.
