DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Stannsoporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Stannsoporfin is a competitive heme oxygenase (HO) inhibitor being developed by InfaCare, a subsidiary of WellSpring Pharmaceuticals, for the prevention of hyperbilirubinemia in infants at risk of developing jaundice.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease, metabolic disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sulfamerazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A sulfanilamide that is used as an antibacterial agent. It can be used to treat bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sulfamethazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfanilamide anti-infective agent. It has a spectrum of antimicrobial action similar to other sulfonamides. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Menadione
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A synthetic naphthoquinone without the isoprenoid side chain and biological activity, but can be converted to active vitamin K2, menaquinone, after alkylation in vivo. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The primary known function of vitamin K is to assist in the normal clotting of blood, but it may also play a role in normal bone calcification.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Sulfamethoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bacteriostatic antibacterial agent that interferes with folic acid synthesis in susceptible bacteria. Its broad spectrum of activity has been limited by the development of resistance. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p208)
4. Indication:  For the treatment bacterial infections causing bronchitis, prostatitis and urinary tract infections.
