DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Probenecid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The prototypical uricosuric agent. It inhibits the renal excretion of organic anions and reduces tubular reabsorption of urate. Probenecid has also been used to treat patients with renal impairment, and, because it reduces the renal tubular excretion of other drugs, has been used as an adjunct to antibacterial therapy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of serum uric acid concentrations in chronic gouty arthritis and tophaceous gout in patients with frequent disabling gout attacks. Has also been effectively used to promote uric acid excretion in hyperuricemia secondary to the administration of thiazide and related diuretics. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Parathyroid hormone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parathyroid hormone (PTH) is a single-chain polypeptide composed of 84 amino acids. As Preotact, it contains recombinant human parathyroid hormone which is identical to the full-length native 84-amino acid polypeptide. It is produced as a fusion protein. Post-translational processing involves the cleavage of the OmpA leader sequence, leaving the mature protein as a single-chain 84 amino-acids polypeptide (9.4 kDa) whose sequence is identical to that of the full-length native endogenous human PTH. It has no disulfide bonds and no glycosylation sites.Preotact is used in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of osteoporotic fractures. Preotact is marketed in Europe by Nycomed. Preos is a registered trade mark owned by NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The name Preos and the New Drug Application is pending approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pirfenidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pirfenidone is an orally active small molecule drug that may inhibit collagen synthesis, down regulate production of multiple cytokines and block fibroblast proliferation and stimulation in response to cytokines. Pirfenidone has demonstrated activity in multiple fibrotic conditions, including those of the lung, kidney and liver. It is being investigated by InterMune.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Kidney bean
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kidney bean allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AGRO100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AGRO100 is an oligonucleotide that functions as an aptamer and binds to nucleolin, a protein found intranuclear in all cells, but uniquely expressed on the surface of tumor cells. Such binding leads to internalization of the complex, and a strong anti-proliferative response in the tumor cell.Pre-clinical testing demonstrates that the AGRO100 inhibition of nucleolin function produces anti-cancer effects against multiple types of the disease, including lung, prostate, breast, cervical, and colon cancer, as well as malignant melanoma and leukemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), kidney cancer, leukemia (myeloid), and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Doxercalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1α,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. Doxercalciferol is marketed under the brand name Hectoral by Genzyme Corporation, and is manufactured by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 
4. Indication:  Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlormezanone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasm.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Talmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talmapimod is the first-generation oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor developed by Scios. It has shown to be effective to cure inflammatory diseases such as Rheumatoid Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Potassium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Potassium citrate (also known as tripotassium citrate) is a potassium salt of citric acid. It is a white, hygroscopic crystalline powder. It is odorless with a saline taste. It contains 38.3% potassium by mass. In the monohydrate form it is highly hygroscopic and deliquescent.Potassium citrate is used to treat a kidney stone condition called renal tubular acidosis. Potassium Citrate is indicated also for the management of Hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis.
4. Indication:  For the management of renal tubular acidosis, hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis, and uric acid lithiasis with or without calcium stones.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex is an iron replacement product for treatment of iron deficiency anemia. The stable macromolecular complex is negatively charged at alkaline pH with an apparent molecular weight of 289,000 – 440,000 daltons on gel chromatography. It is composed of iron (III) oxide hydrate directly bonded to sucrose with a chelating gluconate function in a molar ratio of two iron molecules to one gluconate. It is used in adult and in pediatric patients over the age of 6 years with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
4. Indication:  Used to replete the total body content of iron during iron deficiency anemia in patients age 6 years and older with chronic kidney disease receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tasonermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tasonermin is recombinant soluble form tumor necrosis factor α produced via Escherichia coli cell culture. It was approved for use by the European Medicines Agency in April of 1999 for use as an adjunt to surgery for the subsequent removal of the tumor and in palliative care for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs as the product Beromun. It is administered with Melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
4. Indication:  For use in adults as an adjunct to surgery for subsequent removal of the tumour so as to prevent or delay amputation, or in palliative care, for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs [FDA Label]. Used in combination with melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Chlormerodrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chlormerodrin is a mercurial compound with toxic side effects that was previously used as a diuretic. The radiolabeled form has been used as a diagnostic and research tool. It is no longer used and has been replaced with new classes of diuretic drugs.
4. Indication:  Previously used as a diuretic. The radiolabeled form has been used as a diagnostic and research tool.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Chlorothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p812)
4. Indication:  Chlorothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Asparaginase Escherichia coli
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asparaginase derived from Escherichia coli (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from E. coli has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [1, 2]. L-asparaginase of E. coli is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from E. coli works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [3]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is recommended [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methylprednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methylprednisone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Renal Transplantation, Kidney Transplantation, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A radionuclide imaging agent used primarily in scintigraphy or tomography of the heart to evaluate the extent of the necrotic myocardial process. It has also been used in noninvasive tests for the distribution of organ involvement in different types of amyloidosis and for the evaluation of muscle necrosis in the extremities.
4. Indication:  For use as a skeletal imaging agent used to demonstrate areas of altered osteogenesis, and a cardiac imaging agent used as an adjunct in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction [FDA Label]. May also be used to image gated blood pools and detect gastrointetinal bleeding.
