DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pilocarpine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of radiation-induced dry mouth (xerostomia) and symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögrens syndrome.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Adecatumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adecatumumab is a recombinant human monoclonal antibody of the IgG1 subclass with a binding specificity to epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM). EpCAM (CD326) is a cell surface protein that is frequently expressed at high level on most solid tumor types, including prostate, breast, colon, gastric, ovarian, pancreatic and lung cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Becatecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), liver cancer, gastric cancer, and leukemia (unspecified).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Human secretin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human secretin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone that regulates secretions in the stomach, pancreas, and liver. The hormone is produced from the enterochromaffin cells in the duodenum in response to the duodenal content with the pH less than 4.5 [5]. The main action of secretin is to stimulate the pancreas to secrete pancreatic juice for pH regulation in the small intestines. Secretin is also responsible in body fluid homeostasis [4] and bile production. Although it is a gastrointestinal hormone, secretin is also considered as a neuropeptide hormone since it is also expressed in the central nervous system [3].Purified synthetic human secretin, also referred to as RG1068, is available as an intravenous injection under the market name ChiRhoStim ® in the U.S.. It contains an amino acid sequence identical to the naturally occurring hormone consisting of 27 amino acids [FDA Label] that supports α-helical formation [3]. The carboxyl-terminal amino acid, valine, is amidated. Synthetic human secretin displays equivalent biological activity and properties as naturally-occurring secretin [1]. It is indicated for the stimulation of the pancreatic and gastric secretions to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and the diagnosis of gastrinoma, and facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the stimulation of:pancreatic secretions, including bicarbonate, to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction [FDA Label].gastrin secretion to aid in the diagnosis of gastrinoma [FDA Label].pancreatic secretions to facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aminaphthone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Aldosterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex that regulates electrolyte and water balance by increasing the renal retention of sodium and the excretion of potassium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Piperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste.Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful.Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.
4. Indication:  Used as alternative treatment for ascariasis caused by Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm) and enterobiasis (oxyuriasis) caused by Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm). It is also used to treat partial intestinal obstruction by the common roundworm, a condition primarily occurring in children.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Terlipressin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Terlipressin is an analogue of vasopressin used as a vasoactive drug in the management of hypotension. It has been found to be effective when norepinephrine does not help. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Commonly used to stop bleeding of varices in the food pipe (oesophagus).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Bisoxatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [1]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of constipation in the absence of bowel obstruction and for surgical preparation of the colon [1].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Umeclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the long-term, once-daily, maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bethanechol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bethanechol is a synthetic ester structurally and pharmacologically related to acetylcholine. A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, bethanechol is generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the GI tract following abdominal surgery or in urinary retention in the absence of obstruction. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute postoperative and postpartum nonobstructive (functional) urinary retention and for neurogenic atony of the urinary bladder with retention.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Prucalopride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prucalopride (brand name Resolor, developed by Johnson & Johnson and licensed to Movetis) is a drug acting as a selective, high affinity 5-HT4 receptor agonist which targets the impaired motility associated with chronic constipation, thus normalising bowel movements. Prucalopride was approved for use in Europe in 2009 and in Canada (named Resotran) on December 7, 2011 but it has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States. The drug has also been tested for the treatment of chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, ileus, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ceruletide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caerulein is a specific decapeptide similar in action and composition to the natural gastrointestinal peptide hormone cholecystokinin. It stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle.
4. Indication:  Caerulein stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle. As such, it is used in paralytic ileus and as diagnostic aid in pancreatic malfunction.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m mebrofenin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc 99m Mebrofenin is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical composed of diisopropyl-iminodiacetic acid (DISIDA) attached to a technetium-99m ion. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging of the liver or gallbladder is performed using a gamma camera to detect the gamma rays emitted by the technetium-99m as it decays. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Liver and gallbladder imaging is enabled through attachment to mebrofenin as this molecule has high hepatic uptake and fast biliary excretion, resulting in improved hepatic imaging. More specifically, mebrofenin is taken up into hepatocytes through the action of OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 transporters.Currently available within a sterile kit, Tc-99m Mebrofenin is indicated for imaging of the liver and gallbladder.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Mebrofenin is indicated as a hepatobiliary imaging agent.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Amiloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrazine compound inhibiting sodium reabsorption through sodium channels in renal epithelial cells. This inhibition creates a negative potential in the luminal membranes of principal cells, located in the distal convoluted tubule and collecting duct. Negative potential reduces secretion of potassium and hydrogen ions. Amiloride is used in conjunction with diuretics to spare potassium loss. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p705)
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive treatment with thiazide diuretics or other kaliuretic-diuretic agents in congestive heart failure or hypertension.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Vidarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside antibiotic isolated from Streptomyces antibioticus. It has some antineoplastic properties and has broad spectrum activity against DNA viruses in cell cultures and significant antiviral activity against infections caused by a variety of viruses such as the herpes viruses, the vaccinia VIRUS and varicella zoster virus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of chickenpox - varicella, herpes zoster and herpes simplex
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Theophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
