DrugId:  1
1. Name:  O-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-O-methyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  O-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-O-methyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate (DMPA) is under investigation for the treatment and health services research of HIV, Lactation, Contraception, Postpartum Depression, and Immune Cells (Mucosal and Systemic). DMPA has been investigated for the prevention, treatment, and basic science of Weight and Microbiota.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bevacizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). Bevacizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to VEGF. Bevacizumab is produced in a Chinese Hamster Ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin and has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kilodaltons.
4. Indication:  As part of combination therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer and HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thiocolchicoside
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiocolchicoside is a semi-synthetic derivative of the colchicine, a natural anti-inflammatory glycoside which originates from the flower seeds of superba gloriosa. It is a muscle relaxant with anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects. It has potent convulsant activity and should not be administered to individuals prone to seizures [19].
4. Indication:  Thiocolchicoside is a skeletal muscle-relaxant drug used in the treatment of orthopedic, traumatic and rheumatologic disorders [18]. It is indicated as an adjuvant drug in the treatment of painful muscle contractures and is indicated in acute spinal pathology, for adults and adolescents 16 years of age and older [15]. Recent studies have examined its effect on muscle tone, stiffness, contractures, and soreness experienced by athletes during sporting competitions [20].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Difenoxin
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Difenoxin is a 4-phenylpiperidine which is closely related to the opioid analgesic meperidine. Difenoxin alone is a USA Schedule I controlled drug, as it may be habit forming. However, it is listed as a Schedule IV controlled drug if combined with atropine, which is added to decrease deliberate misuse. Motofen(R) is a brand mixture which combines atropine sulfate and difenoxin hydrochloride. It is approved by the FDA to treat acute and chronic diarrhea. Difenoxin is an active metabolite of the anti-diarrheal drug, diphenoxylate, which is also used in combination with atropine in the brand mixture Lomotil(R). It works mostly in the periphery and activates opioid receptors in the intestine rather than the central nervous system (CNS). [3] Difenoxin is also closely related to loperamide, but unlike loperamide it is still capable of crossing the blood brain barrier to produce weak sedative and analgesic effects. However, the antidiarrheal potency of difenoxin is much greater than its CNS effects, which makes it an attractive alternative to other opioids. 
4. Indication:  Motofen(R) is a combination of atropine, an anticholinergic drug, and difenoxin, an antidiarrheal drug. It has been used in many countries for many years as a second line opioid-agonist antidiarrheal, which exists an intermediate between loperamide and paragoric. [2]Diarrhea which is a result of cyclic or diarrhea predominant Inflammatory Bowel Syndrome may not be treated effectively with difenoxin, diphenoxylate, or loperamide. As such, diarrhea and cramping which does not respond to non-centrally acting derivatives or belladonna derivatives such as atropine are often treated with conservative doses of codeine. In patients with acute ulcerative colitis, as induction of toxic megacolon is possible, and thus use of Motofen(R) is cautioned. Motofen(R) has been assigned pregnancy category C by the FDA, and is to be used only when the potential benefits outweigh the potential risk to the fetus. The safety of use during lactation is unknown and thus not recommended. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  prGCD
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GCD represents the combination treatment of gemcitabine, carboplatin, and dexamethasone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  SGS518
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS518, a novel antagonist for the 5HT6 subtype of the serotonin receptor, is being developed as a treatment for Cognitive Impairment Associated with Schizophrenia (CIAS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  JB991
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Facinicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
