DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cenobamate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YKP-3089 is a novel small molecule that is currently under development as an anxiolytic therapeutic agent. The exact mechanism(s) by which YKP3089 exerts its effects remain under active investigation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  MN-305
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MN-305 is a novel, potent and highly selective serotonin 5-HT1A receptor agonist under development by MediciNova for the treatment of anxiety disorders beginning with Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, depression, insomnia, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  DAS-431 IV
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, dementia, parkinson's disease, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and strokes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Glypromate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  YSIL6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  YSIL6 is a small-molecule drug in development for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis. The molecule works by inhibiting TNF-alpha and IL-6 production in T-cells and macrophages, and by inhibiting T-cell proliferation and migration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MK-0354
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Esmirtazapine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Esmirtazapine (SCH 900265) is a drug which was under development by Organon for the treatment of insomnia and vasomotor symptoms (e.g., hot flashes) associated with menopause. Esmirtazapine is the (S)-(+)-enantiomer of mirtazapine and possesses similar overall pharmacology, including inverse agonist actions at H1 and 5-HT2 receptors and antagonist actions at α2-adrenergic receptors. Merck has terminated its internal clinical development program for esmirtazapine as of March 2010.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AN0128
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AN0128 is a novel compound that contains a boron atom within a borinic acid complex. AN0128 has broad spectrum activity against a wide variety of Gram positivebacteria, including many that are known skin colonizers. Of particular importance is P. acnes and its causal role in acne vulgaris. The rise in antibioticresistance of P. acnes to standard antibiotics necessitates the development of new treatment agents. AN0128 is a good candidate for a topical antibiotic and is currently being developed by Anacor as a novel therapeutic for acne and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, atopic dermatitis, pediatric indications, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  TTP889
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Briakinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Briakinumab is a human anti-IL-12 monoclonal antibody being developed for the treatment of a number of T-cell driven autoimmune diseases. It targets and neutralize interleukin-12 and interleukin-23, two proteins associated with inflammation, such as pro-inflammatory interleukins or tumor necrosis factor- alpha. Briakinumab represents a novel approach to treating psoriasis, Multiple Sclerosis, Crohn’s Disease and other autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. As of 2011 drug development for psoriasis has been discontinued in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, crohn's disease, multiple sclerosis, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  EP-2104R
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EP-2104R is an imaging pharmaceutical under development for the detection of blood clots. It is the first targeted high-resolution technique designed to visualize blood clots directly. It is being developed by EPIX Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lemuteporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lemuteporfin, under development by QLT Incorporated, is a benzoporphyrin-derived chlorin-like photosensitizer. It is intended for the treatment of beign prostatic hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and prostrate disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  VX-765
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-765 is the orally available prodrug of a potent and selective competitive inhibitor of ICE/caspase-1 (VRT-043198). VX-765 is currently under clinical development for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune conditions, as it blocks the hypersensitive response to an inflammatory stimulus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified) and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lancovutide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lancovutide, a peptide antibiotic, is in clinical development for the treatment of cystic fibrosis. Duramycin is a 19-amino-acid tetracyclic peptide produced by Streptoverticillium cinnamoneus and is closely related to cinnamycin (Ro09-0198). It belongs to the lantibiotics. Lantibiotics are bacteriocins that are characterized by the presence of a high proportion of unusual amino acids.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cystic fibrosis and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lintitript
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lintitript is a new, highly specific and potent CCK-A receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pancreatic cancer and appetite disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CTA018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTA018 is a member of a new class of vitamin D analogues with a dual mechanism of action, called Vitamin D Signal Amplifiers. This proprietary new drug is both a potent inhibitor of CYP24 (the enzyme responsible for the breakdown of vitamin D) and a potent activator of vitamin D signaling pathways. CTA018 will be the first drug with this novel dual mechanism of action to enter clinical development. Preclinical studies have shown that CTA018 inhibits the proliferation of rapidly dividing cells such as human epidermal keratinocytes (skin cells) and is also effective in inhibiting pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion which may be involved in the etiology of psoriasis. Cytochroma anticipates that CTA018 will be more potent than currently marketed vitamin D analogues such as calcitriol and calcipotriol and it is expected to have a greater safety index.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney disease and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  MM-093
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Abafungin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections, bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, and onychomycosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Metiamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Metiamide is a histamine H2-receptor antagonist developed from another H2 antagonist, burimamide. It was an intermediate compound in the development of the successful anti-ulcer drug cimetidine.
4. Indication:  Potential in the treatment and the management of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, heartburn, and acid indigestion.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dalbavancin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dalbavancin is a second-generation lipoglycopeptide antibiotic that was designed to improve on the natural glycopeptides currently available, such as vancomycin and teicoplanin. Modifications from these older glycoprotein classes allowed a similar mechanism of action with increased activity and once weekly dosing. Its use is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, and S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus). Dalbavancin acts by interfering with cell wall synthesis by binding to the D-alanyl-D-alanine terminus of nascent cell wall peptidoglycan and preventing cross-linking.
4. Indication:  Dalbavancin is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, and S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus). It is administered as a 30 minute IV infusion in a two-dose regimen of 1000 mg followed by 500 mg one week later.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Lesopitron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lesopitron is an anxiolytic with pre- and post-synaptic 5-HT1A agonist activity, which is under development by Esteve.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of anxiety disorders.
