DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Succimer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lead poisoning in pediatric patients with blood lead levels above 45 µg/dL. May also be used to treat mercury or arsenic poisoning.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Picrotoxin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used internally for relieving respiratory distress. Also for use as an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially barbiturates.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Talbutal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For use as a sedative and hypnotic.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dimercaprol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol is a potentially toxic drug, and its use may be accompanied by multiple side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of arsenic, gold and mercury poisoning. Indicated in acute lead poisoning when used concomitantly with edetate calcium disodium (DB00974).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tofisopam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tofisopam (marketed under brand names Emandaxin and Grandaxin) is a 2,3-benzodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. In contrast to classical 1,4-benzodiazepines, the compound does not bind to the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor and its psychopharmacological profile differs from such compounds. Although Tofisopam is not approved for sale in North America, it is approved for use in various countries worldwide, including parts of Europe. The D-enantiomer (dextofisopam) is currently in phase II trials in the U.S. for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Phendimetrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Phendimetrazine is a weight loss medication. Phendimetrazine is chemically related to amphetamines and is a Schedule III drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances. In the United States, phendimetrazine is a Schedule III controlled substance under the Uniform Controlled Substances Act of 1970.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of exogenous obesity as a short term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lisdexamfetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lisdexamfetamine (L-lysine-d-amphetamine) is a prodrug of the psychostimulant d-amphetamine coupled with the essential amino acid L-lysine. It was developed so that the amphetamine psychostimulant is released and activated more slowly as the prodrug molecule is hydrolyzed consequently cleaving off the amino acid-during the first pass through the intestines and/or the liver. Amphetamines target the trace amine-associated receptor 1 (TAAR1). Amphetamine is also believed to exert its effects by binding to the monoamine transporters (the dopamine transporter or DAT) and increasing extracellular levels of the biogenic amines dopamine, norepinephrine (noradrenaline) and serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in pediatric populations aged 6 to 12 years.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pralidoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. If given within 24 hours,after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the enzyme cholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Apomorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A derivative of morphine that is a dopamine D2 agonist. It is a powerful emetic and has been used for that effect in acute poisoning. It has also been used in the diagnosis and treatment of parkinsonism, but its adverse effects limit its use.
4. Indication:  For the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, off episodes (end-of-dose wearing off and unpredictable on/off episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Varicella Zoster Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant zoster vaccine, manufactured as the product Shingrix by GlaxoSmithKline, is an adjuvanted non-live recombinant vaccine indicated for prevention of shingles. First approved in October 2017 by the Food and Drug Administration, Shingrix is the preferred vaccine for preventing varicella zoster infection in people aged 50 years and older, replacing Zostavax as first line therapy[4]. Herpes zoster, also known as shingles, is caused by a reactivation of Varicella Zoster Virus (VZV), the virus that commonly causes Chickenpox in childhood. Following initial infection of VZV and resolution of Chickenpox as a child, VZV then lies dormant within the dorsal root ganglion of the central nervous sytem. Decades later, when the body's immune system weakens with age, VZV is able to reactivate and descend through the nerve cells to the surface of the skin where it causes a painful blistering rash. Risk factors for developing shingles include old age, with rates increasing substantially in person's over the age of 50, low immune function or immunosuppression, psychological stress, and diabetes. Person's living with HIV or cancer, those taking immunosuppressants, and transplant recipients are particularly at risk [3]. One of the most common complications associated with shingles is the development of Post-Herpetic Neuralgia (PHN), a persistant severe nerve pain that develops as a result of chronic pain from shingles lesions. PHN can last for days, months, or even years following resolution of shingles. Other complications also include bacterial infection, spread of the shingles rash to the eye (herpes zoster ophthalmicus) or ear, nerve palsies, or spread of VZV to non-immune persons via contact with varicella lesions.There are numerous advantages to using Shingrix over Zostavax. Clinical trials for Shingrix have shown greater than 90% efficacy in adults aged 50 and older, with 89% efficacy in preventing postherpetic neuralgia in patients 70 years and older and 91% efficacy in patients 50-70 years of age [FDA Label]. This is a significant improvement over its predecessor, Zostavax, which reduces the risk of shingles by only 51% and the risk of post-herpetic neuralgia by 67% [1]. Efficacy of Zostavax also wanes over time, with protection against shingles and PHN lasting only around 5 years. Furthermore, because Shingrix is an inactivated vaccine it can also be used to prevent shingles and PHN in individuals with suppressed immune systems, who are already at increased risk of developing shingles, while Zostavax, a live attenuated vaccine, is contraindicated.The main immunological component of Shingrix vaccine is glycoprotein E (gE), a protein found on the surface of varicella zoster virus (VZV). Immune exposure to gE protein stimulates the development of anti-gE antibodies, and therefore adaptive immunity to VZV. Shingrix also contains an adjuvant system, AS01B, which is intended to enhance the immunological response to the vaccine leading to longer lasting and greater immunogenicity to the herpes zoster virus [2].
4. Indication:  Shingrix vaccine is indicated for the prevention of herpes zoster (shingles) in adults aged 50 years and older.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mephentermine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent with mainly indirect effects on adrenergic receptors. It is used to maintain blood pressure in hypotensive states, for example, following spinal anesthesia. Although the central stimulant effects of mephentermine are much less than those of amphetamine, its use may lead to amphetamine-type dependence. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1248)
4. Indication:  Used to maintain blood pressure in hypotensive states.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lormetazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lormatazepam is an orally available benzodiazepine used in the UK for the treatment of short-term insomnia [2]. It is marketed by Auden Mckenzie (Pharma Division) in 0.5 and 1 mg tablet formulations.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of short-term insomnia [2]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cinolazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Cinolazepam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety or anxiety associated with depressive symptoms.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Mersalyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [4, 6]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [6]. Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [13].
4. Indication:  Elevated blood pressure, edema [6, 14].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Telcagepant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telcagepant has been investigated for the treatment of Migraine. It is an antagonist of the receptor for calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), a primary neuropeptide involved in the pathophysiology of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are found in areas of the central and peripheral nervous system that are important for the transmission of migraine pain. During migraine attacks, CGRP activates these receptors and facilitates the transmission of pain impulses.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Bufotenine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A hallucinogenic serotonin analog found in frog or toad skins, mushrooms, higher plants, and mammals, especially in the brains, plasma, and urine of schizophrenics. Bufotenin has been used as a tool in CNS studies and misused as a psychedelic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Phenmetrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic drug used primarily as an appetite depressant. Its actions and mechanisms are similar to dextroamphetamine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as an anorectic in the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Rufinamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rufinamide is a triazole derivative and an anticonvulsant medication to treat seizure disorders like Lennox-Gastuat syndrome, a form of childhood epilepsy. Clinical trials suggest its efficacy in the treatment of partial seizures. 
4. Indication:  Adjunct therapy for treatment of seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Methamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Methamphetamine is a psychostimulant and sympathomimetic drug. It is a member of the amphetamine group of sympathomimetic amines. Methamphetamine can induce effects such as euphoria, increased alertness and energy, and enhanced self-esteem. It is a scheduled drug in most countries due to its high potential for addiction and abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADHD) and exogenous obesity.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Clobazam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Clobazam belongs to the 1,5-benzodiazepine class of drugs and is expected to have a better side-effect profile compared to older 1,4-benzodiazepines. It has been marketed as an anxiolytic since 1975 and an anticonvulsant since 1984. The oral preparation was FDA approved on October 21, 2011. An oral suspension is expected to be available in 2013.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of epilepsy and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, a difficult-to-treat form of childhood epilepsy. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Hydromorphone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic derived from morphine and used mainly as an analgesic. It has a shorter duration of action and is more potent than morphine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of moderate to severe pain such as that due to surgery, cancer, trauma/injury, or burns.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pargyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe hypertension.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Phenobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A barbituric acid derivative that acts as a nonselective central nervous system depressant. It promotes binding to inhibitory gamma-aminobutyric acid subtype receptors, and modulates chloride currents through receptor channels. It also inhibits glutamate induced depolarizations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of seizures except absence seizures.
