DrugId:  1
1. Name:  VP025
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ginsenoside Rg1
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginsenosides are a class of steroid glycosides, and triterpene saponins, found exclusively in the plant genus Panax (ginseng). Ginsenosides have been the target of research, as they are viewed as the active compounds behind the claims of ginseng's efficacy. Because ginsenosides appear to affect multiple pathways, their effects are complex and difficult to isolate. Rg1 Appears to be most abundant in Panax ginseng (Chinese/Korean Ginseng). It improves spatial learning and increase hippocampal synaptophysin level in mice, plus demonstrates estrogen-like activity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  CX717
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  CX717 is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory.
4. Indication:  April 18 2007 Cortex Pharmaceuticals submitted two large data packages to the FDA regarding CX717. One data set went to the FDA's Division of Neurology Drug Products for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, while the other went to the Division of Psychiatry Products where the company intends to file a second CX717 IND for the treatment of ADHD. The submitted data package provides clear evidence that the specific histopathological changes seen in animal toxicology studies, which previously caused the FDA to put CX717 on clinical hold, is a postmortem fixation artifact and is not found in the tissue of the animal when it is still living.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tideglusib
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[1] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.
4. Indication:  Tideglusib was initially formulated for the treatment of Alzheimer and progressive supranuclear palsy.[1] The raising interest for the use of tideglusib comes from the significant upregulation of GSK-3 in the brain in patients with Alzheimer disease. Its function as a degradant of β-catenin, was also important, as it prevents the transcription of cell survival genes. All these factors have directed current research towards this kinase as a potential target.[3] Alzheimer disease is the most prevalent form of dementia. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disease is related to the presence of amyloid β, which triggers a cascade that will alter the Tau protein and provoke synaptic dysfunction and neuronal death.[4] GSK-3 importance in the tissue repair pathway has also pointed out a novel application for tideglusib. Thus, it is also under the research for the natural repair treatment of deep caries lesions.[2] 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  prGCD
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GCD represents the combination treatment of gemcitabine, carboplatin, and dexamethasone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  SGS518
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS518, a novel antagonist for the 5HT6 subtype of the serotonin receptor, is being developed as a treatment for Cognitive Impairment Associated with Schizophrenia (CIAS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  JB991
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Facinicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  EHT 0202
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHT 0202 is developed to treat neurodegenerative disorders by ExonHit Therapeutics.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
