DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sitamaquine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sitamaquine (WR-6026) is an orally active 8-aminoquinoline analog in development by the Walter Reed Army Institute, in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (formerly SmithKline Beecham), for the potential treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pentavalent Antimony
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pentavalent Antimony has been investigated for the treatment of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Antimony
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Antimony has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cutaneous Leishmaniasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Meglumine antimoniate
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ADL 10-0101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis. Trials are also being conducted for relieving burn pain and dermal itch.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sodium stibogluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium stibogluconate is a medicine used to treat leishmaniasis and is only available for administration by injection. It belongs to the class of medicines known as the pentavalent antimonials. Sodium stibogluconate is sold in the UK as Pentostam (manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline). Widespread resistance has limited the utility of sodium stibogluconate, and in many parts of the world, amphotericin or miltefosine are used instead. It is also being investigated as an anti-tumor agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various types of a protozoal infection called leishmaniasis, which may result from sandfly bites in tropical and temperate parts of the world. Also investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Melarsoprol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Melarsoprol is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00330148 (Randomized Clinical Trial of Three Drug Combinations for Late-Stage Gambiense Human African Trypanosomiasis).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pentamidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of pneumocystis pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. It may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system damage, and other toxic effects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia due to Pneumocystis carinii.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxyphenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of atropine. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of visceral spasms
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nifurtimox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nifurtimox has been investigated for the treatment of Sleeping Sickness and Human African Trypanosomiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Benznidazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benznidazole was granted accelerated approval for the treatment of Chagas disease in children 2-12 years of age by the FDA on August 29, 2017 [9]. It is the first treatment made available in the United States for Chagas disease.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of Chagas disease in children 2-12 years of age [9].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Alosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used only for the management of severe diarrhoea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women. Alosetron has an antagonist action on the 5-HT3 receptors and thus may modulate serotonin-sensitive gastrointestinal (GI) processes. Alosetron was voluntarily withdrawn from the US market in November 2000 by the manufacturer due to numerous reports of severe adverse effects including ischemic colitis, severely obstructed or ruptured bowel, and death. In June 2002, the FDA approved a supplemental new drug application allowing the remarketing of the drug under restricted conditions of use.
4. Indication:  Only for the treatment of symptoms of severe diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women with chronic symptoms (generally lasting greater than 6 months) who does not present with anatomic or biochemical GI abnormalities and have not responded to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  AV608
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride is a radiopharmaceutical containing the radioisotope radium-223 that emits short range but high linear energy alpha particles. As a cation, radium mimics calicum and binds to hydroxyapatite, which is a bone mineral found in areas of high bone turnover as seen in bone metastases. It was first approved by the FDA in May 2013 and is currently marketed under the brand name Xofigo, which was formerly called Alpharadin. Xofigo is indicated in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant. The FDA label includes a warning that Radium Ra 223 Dichloride should not be used in women who are pregnant or may become pregnant due to the high risk of fetal harm.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Asimadoline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asimadoline is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. Asimadoline was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. Asimadoline is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tegaserod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tegaserod is a 5-HT4 agonist manufactured by Novartis and used for the management of irritable bowel syndrome and constipation. Its use was the only drug approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to help relieve the abdominal discomfort, bloating and constipation associated with irritable bowel syndrome. On March 30, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requested that Novartis withdraw Zelnorm from shelves. The FDA alleges a relationship between prescriptions of the drug and increased risks of heart attack or stroke. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Provides relief from the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome including chronic idiopathic constipation.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ketamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist with a potent anesthetic effect.[6] It was developed in 1963 as a replacement for phencyclidine (PCP) by Calvin Stevens at Parke Davis Laboratories. It started being used for veterinary purposes in Belgium and in 1964 was proven that compared to PCP, it produced minor hallucinogenic effects and shorter psychotomimetic effects. It was FDA approved in 1970, and from there, it has been used as an anesthetic for children or patients undergoing minor surgeries but mainly for veterinary purposes.[14]
4. Indication:  Ketamine is indicated as an anesthetic agent for recommended diagnostic and surgical procedures. If skeletal muscle relaxation is needed, it should be combined with a muscle relaxant. If the surgical procedure involves visceral pain, it should be supplemented with an agent that obtunds visceral pain. Ketamine can be used for induction of anesthesia prior other general anesthetic agents and as a supplement of low potency agents.[15]Reports have indicated a potential use of ketamine as a therapeutic tool for the management of depression when administered in lower doses.[7] These reports have increased the interest for ketamine in this area and several clinical trials are launched for this indication.[16, 8]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cilansetron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cilansetron is a drug that is a 5HT-3 antagonist currently under trial phase in the EU and US. It is manufactured by Solvay Pharmaceuticals INC. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Suramin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A polyanionic compound with an unknown mechanism of action. It is used parenterally in the treatment of African trypanosomiasis and it has been used clinically with diethylcarbamazine to kill the adult Onchocerca. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1643) It has also been shown to have potent antineoplastic properties. Suramin is manufactured by Bayer in Germany as Germanin®.
4. Indication:  For treatment of human sleeping sickness, onchocerciasis and other diseases caused by trypanosomes and worms.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iopromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography. 
4. Indication:  Iopromide, as the product Iovist, is indicated for use as an X-ray contrast agent in the following procedures:Intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA) (150 mg I/mL)Cerebral arteriography and peripheral arteriography (300 mg I/mL)Coronary arteriography and left ventriculography, visceral angiography and aortography (370 mg I/mL)Peripheral venography (240 mg I/mL)Excretory urography (300 mg I/mL)Contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging of head and body (300 mg I/mL and 370 mg I/mL) 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Quinacrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An acridine derivative formerly widely used as an antimalarial but superseded by chloroquine in recent years. It has also been used as an anthelmintic and in the treatment of giardiasis and malignant effusions. It is used in cell biological experiments as an inhibitor of phospholipase A2.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of giardiasis and cutaneous leishmaniasis and the management of malignant effusions.
