DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cetylpyridinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetylpyridinium is a quaternary ammonium with a broad-spectrum antiseptic properties. Its salt form, cetylpyridinium chloride, is found as an active ingredient in mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. In dental hygiene products, it mediates a protective action against dental plaque and reducing gingivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  ADL5859
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL5859 is a novel, oral compound that targets the Delta opioid receptor. Delta receptor agonists are thought to offer benefits over other approaches to the management of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  SD118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SD118 was previously under investigation in Japan for a different indication and now, following re-profiling and evaluation in experimental animal models, has demonstrated its potential as a new oral therapy for neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Central Nervous System - Neuropathic pain 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  EHC18
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHC18 is an immune regulation medicine. It is a broad spectrum of specific HCV proteins.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and hepatocellular carcinoma.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  CX157
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CX157,3-fluoro-7-(2,2,2,-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxathiin-10,10-dioxide, is a reversible, selective inhibitor of MAO-A designed to have improved oral bioavailability and reduced clearance compared to previous MAO-A inhibitors of this class.
4. Indication:  Anxiety Disorders I,Depression I
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LLL-3348
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Monalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gynecologic Cancer, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  R411
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R411 is a non-steroid oral medicine for the treatment of asthma. It is not immunosuppressive, but blocks the activation and recruitment of cells involved in respiratory inflammation. It is a dual-acting competitive integrin antagonist (as compared to previously developed single integrin antagonists or SIAs) that prevents binding of V-CAM1 to either a4b1 or a4b7. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ragweed pollen extract
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ragweed pollen extract has been developed by Curalogic. The company has initiated a phase III trial with its product for oral immunotherapy of ragweed allergy. While traditional disease-modifying immunotherapeutics are administered by subcutaneous injection, Curalogic has developed a more convenient orally administered drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  AGI-1096
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AGI-1096 is a novel oral antioxidant and selective anti-inflammatory agent that is being developed to address the accelerated inflammation of grafted blood vessels, known as transplant arteritis, common in chronic organ transplant rejection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Patiromer
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Patiromer is a powder for suspension in water for oral administration, approved in the U.S. as Veltassa in October, 2015. Patiromer is supplied as patiromer sorbitex calcium which consists of the active moiety, patiromer, a non-absorbed potassium-binding polymer, and a calcium-sorbitol counterion. Each gram of patiromer is equivalent to a nominal amount of 2 grams of patiromer sorbitex calcium. The chemical name for patiromer sorbitex calcium is cross-linked polymer of calcium 2-fluoroprop-2-enoate with diethenylbenzene and octa-1,7-diene, combination with D-glucitol. Patiromer sorbitex calcium is an amorphous, free-flowing powder that is composed of individual spherical beads.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperkalemia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Magnesium aspartate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Magnesium aspartate is a magnesium salt of aspartic acid that is commonly used as a mineral supplement. It displays high oral bioavailability and water solubiltiy compared to other magnesium salts such as magnesium citrate, magnesium carbonate and magnesium oxide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Gestodene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gestodene is a progestogen hormonal contraceptive. Products containing gestoden include Meliane, which contains 20 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene; and Gynera, which contains 30 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Meclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meclocycline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00385515 (Efficacy of SNX-1012 in the Treatment of Oral Mucositis) [3].
4. Indication:  Currently under investigation for the topical treatment of ulcerative oral mucositis [3]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorders like chorea in Huntington's disease, hemiballismus, senile chorea, Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders, and tardive dyskinesia 
