DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Alicaforsen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Icosapent
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Important polyunsaturated fatty acid found in fish oils. It serves as the precursor for the prostaglandin-3 and thromboxane-3 families. A diet rich in eicosapentaenoic acid lowers serum lipid concentration, reduces incidence of cardiovascular disorders, prevents platelet aggregation, and inhibits arachidonic acid conversion into the thromboxane-2 and prostaglandin-2 families. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  EPA can be used for lowering elevated triglycerides in those who are hyperglyceridemic. In addition, EPA may play a therapeutic role in patients with cystic fibrosis by reducing disease severity and may play a similar role in type 2 diabetics in slowing the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Alvelestat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alvelestat has been investigated for the basic science of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  NCX 1022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX is an NO-releasing derivative of hydrocortisone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fluocinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A topical glucocorticoid used in the treatment of eczema. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A topical anti-inflammatory product for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cortisone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cortisone acetate is a steroid hormone that has both glucocoriticoid and mineral corticoid activities. Corticosteroids are used to provide relief for inflamed areas of the body. They lessen swelling, redness, itching, and allergic reactions. They are often used as part of the treatment for a number of different diseases, such as severe allergies or skin problems, asthma, or arthritis. Endogenous glucocorticoids and some synthetic corticoids have high affinity to the protein transcortin (also called CBG, corticosteroid-binding protein), whereas all of them bind albumin. Glucocorticoids also bind to the cytosolic glucocorticoid receptor.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also used to treat endocrine (hormonal) disorders (adrenal insufficiency, Addisons disease). It is also used to treat many immune and allergic disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fluocinolone Acetonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid derivative used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. It is usually employed as a cream, gel, lotion, or ointment. It has also been used topically in the treatment of inflammatory eye, ear, and nose disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732). It is also being investigated by Sivida and Alimera, under the brand name Medidur, as a sustained release intraocular implant for the treatment of diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye (Retisert).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Thalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A piperidinyl isoindole originally introduced as a non-barbiturate hypnotic, but withdrawn from the market due to teratogenic effects. It has been reintroduced and used for a number of immunological and inflammatory disorders. Thalidomide displays immunosuppresive and anti-angiogenic activity. It inhibits release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha from monocytes, and modulates other cytokine action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL). Also for use as maintenance therapy for prevention and suppression of the cutaneous manifestations of ENL recurrence.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Flurandrenolide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A corticosteroid used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. It is usually employed as a cream or an ointment, and is also used as a polyethylene tape with an adhesive. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p733)
4. Indication:  For relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, particularly dry, scaling localized lesions
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  FX06
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FX06 is a naturally occurring peptide derived from the neo-N-terminus of fibrin (Bbeta(15-42)). It prevents leukocyte migration through the gap junctions of endothelial cells. FX06 has proven safe in acute and subchronic toxicological studies and recently entered clinical development. It is being developed by Fibrex Medical Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac reperfusion injury and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Efalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody that binds to human CD11a. Efalizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 150 kilodaltons and is produced in a Chinese hamster ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis, who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sargramostim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sargramostim is a human recombinant granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF) expressed in yeast. It is a glycoprotein that is 127 residues. Substitution of Leu23 leads to a difference from native protein.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer and bone marrow transplant
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
