DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bromfenac
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromfenac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) for ophthalmic use. Ophthalmic NSAIDs are becoming a cornerstone for the management of ocular pain and inflammation. Their well-characterized anti-inflammatory activity, analgesic property, and established safety record have also made NSAIDs an important tool to optimize surgical outcomes.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation in patients who have undergone cataract extraction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
