DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nelotanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Donepezil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Donepezil (Aricept), is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease process advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. Donepezil has been tested in other cognitive disorders including Lewy body dementia and Vascular dementia, but it is not currently approved for these indications. Donepezil has also been studied in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, schizophrenia, attention deficit disorder, post-coronary bypass cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment associated with multiple sclerosis, and Down syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  NOX-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NOX-100 is the new nitric oxide (NO) neutralizing agent being developed by San Diego-based Medinox -- demonstrated its effectiveness and potential as a therapeutic to treat hemorrhagic shock. NOX-100 is the first in a series of proprietary NO neutralizing compounds Medinox is developing to bind and inactivate NO, a simple gas molecule that is a key biological messenger in the body.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  EW-A-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Stannsoporfin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Stannsoporfin is a competitive heme oxygenase (HO) inhibitor being developed by InfaCare, a subsidiary of WellSpring Pharmaceuticals, for the prevention of hyperbilirubinemia in infants at risk of developing jaundice.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease, metabolic disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Eprotirome
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eprotirome which is a compound with promising properties for treatment of obesity and dyslipidemia. Eprotirome increases the body’s energy consumption and reduces body weight and markedly reduces blood lipids and blood glucose.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia, metabolic disease, and obesity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tiomolibdate ion
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tetrathiomolybdate is an oral, small-molecule, anticopper agent that is highly specific for lowering the levels of free copper in serum. COPREXA has completed pivotal clinical trials for the treatment of neurologic Wilson's disease. It is also developed for fibrotic disorders based upon the rationale that the fibrotic disease process is dependent upon the availability of free copper in the body.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease and pulmonary fibrosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ferumoxytol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferumoxytol is an iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). As a non-stoichiometric magnetite (superparamagnetic iron oxide), it isolates the bioactive iron from plasma components to enter the intracellular storage iron pool and later be incorporated into hemglobin. It is available as an intravenous injection under the market name Feraheme.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anemia, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Azathioprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An immunosuppressive antimetabolite pro-drug. It is an imidazolyl derivative of 6-mercaptopurine and many of its biological effects are similar to those of the parent compound. Azathioprine is converted into 6-mercaptopurine in the body where it blocks purine metabolism and DNA synthesis.
4. Indication:  For use in rheumatoid arthritis, preventing renal transplant rejection, Crohn's disease, and colitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Obiltoxaximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Obiltoxaximab, an affinity-enhanced monoclonal antibody (Mab), is used for prevention and treatment of infection and death caused by anthrax toxin. Obiltoxaximab is a chimeric IgG1 kappa monoclonal antibody (mAb) that binds the PA component of B. anthracis toxin. It has an approximate molecular weight of 148 kDa.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anthrax exposure, bacterial infection, crohn's disease, and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Blatella germanica
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  German cockroach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Gallium citrate Ga 67
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]
4. Indication:  Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful to demonstrate the presence and extent of Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Positive gallium Ga-67 uptake in the absence of prior symptoms warrants follow-up as an indication of a potential disease state. Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful as an aid in detecting some acute inflammatory lesions.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Solenopsis invicta
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Solenopsis invicta allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Selegiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase. It is used in newly diagnosed patients with Parkinson's disease. It may slow progression of the clinical disease and delay the requirement for levodopa therapy. It also may be given with levodopa upon onset of disability. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p385) The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl.
4. Indication:  Monotherapy for initial treatment of Parkinson's disease, as well as an adjunct therapy in patients with a decreased response to levodopa/carbadopa. Also used for the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease and at higher doses, for the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Doxercalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxercalciferol is a synthetic vitamin D2 analog that undergoes metabolic activation in vivo to form 1α,25-dihydroxyvitamin D2 (1α,25-(OH)2D2), a naturally occurring, biologically active form of vitamin D2. Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. Doxercalciferol is marketed under the brand name Hectoral by Genzyme Corporation, and is manufactured by Catalent Pharma Solutions, Inc. 
4. Indication:  Doxercalciferol is indicated for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, as well as for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Stage 3 or Stage 4 chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Bitolterol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bitolterol mesylate is a beta-2-adrenergic receptor agonist used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and COPD. Bitolterol was withdrawn from the market by Elan Pharmaceuticals in 2001. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to dilate air passages in the lungs that have become narrowed as a result of disease or inflammation. It is used in the treatment of asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Phenserine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Phenserine is under development by Axonyx, a US biopharmaceutical company that focuses on treatments for dementia. Phenserine is a next generation acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor indicated for the treatment of AD. Unlike currently marketed AChE inhibitors, it has a dual mechanism of action that also includes anti-amyloid activity, which may confer disease-modifying effects in patients with AD. If this is substantiated in an ongoing clinical trial then phenserine may open the door to an entirely new type of treatment for AD. Axonyx announced on 20 September 2005 that phenserine was ineffective in two curtailed phase 3 trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Probucol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol yet has little effect on serum-triglyceride or VLDL cholesterol. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p993).
4. Indication:  Used to lower LDL and HDL cholesterol.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  D-threo-neopterin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A pteridine derivative present in body fluids; elevated levels result from immune system activation, malignant disease, allograft rejection, and viral infections. (From Stedman, 26th ed) Neopterin also serves as a precursor in the biosynthesis of biopterin.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
