DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluocinolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluocinolone has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Candida Infection, Oral Lichen Planus, Macular Degeneration, and Choroidal Neovascularization.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
