DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluocinolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluocinolone has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Candida Infection, Oral Lichen Planus, Macular Degeneration, and Choroidal Neovascularization.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cetylpyridinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetylpyridinium is a quaternary ammonium with a broad-spectrum antiseptic properties. Its salt form, cetylpyridinium chloride, is found as an active ingredient in mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. In dental hygiene products, it mediates a protective action against dental plaque and reducing gingivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  ADL5859
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL5859 is a novel, oral compound that targets the Delta opioid receptor. Delta receptor agonists are thought to offer benefits over other approaches to the management of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  SD118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SD118 was previously under investigation in Japan for a different indication and now, following re-profiling and evaluation in experimental animal models, has demonstrated its potential as a new oral therapy for neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Central Nervous System - Neuropathic pain 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  EHC18
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHC18 is an immune regulation medicine. It is a broad spectrum of specific HCV proteins.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and hepatocellular carcinoma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  R411
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R411 is a non-steroid oral medicine for the treatment of asthma. It is not immunosuppressive, but blocks the activation and recruitment of cells involved in respiratory inflammation. It is a dual-acting competitive integrin antagonist (as compared to previously developed single integrin antagonists or SIAs) that prevents binding of V-CAM1 to either a4b1 or a4b7. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Gestodene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gestodene is a progestogen hormonal contraceptive. Products containing gestoden include Meliane, which contains 20 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene; and Gynera, which contains 30 mcg of ethinylestradiol and 75 mcg of gestodene.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CX157
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CX157,3-fluoro-7-(2,2,2,-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxathiin-10,10-dioxide, is a reversible, selective inhibitor of MAO-A designed to have improved oral bioavailability and reduced clearance compared to previous MAO-A inhibitors of this class.
4. Indication:  Anxiety Disorders I,Depression I
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  LLL-3348
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Monalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gynecologic Cancer, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ragweed pollen extract
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ragweed pollen extract has been developed by Curalogic. The company has initiated a phase III trial with its product for oral immunotherapy of ragweed allergy. While traditional disease-modifying immunotherapeutics are administered by subcutaneous injection, Curalogic has developed a more convenient orally administered drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dichloralphenazone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Dichloralphenazone is a US Schedule IV drug. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ANA971
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ANA971, an orally administered prodrug of isatoribine. Isatoribine is a nucleoside analog in development for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. ANA971 is a prodrug designed to improve the oral bioavailability of isatoribine. ANA971 resulted in higher levels of isatoribine in the blood than were present after oral administration of isatoribine itself.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
