DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluocinolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluocinolone has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Candida Infection, Oral Lichen Planus, Macular Degeneration, and Choroidal Neovascularization.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Brotizolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Brotizolam is a sedative-hypnotic thienodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine analog. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties, and is considered to be similar in effect to short-acting benzodiazepines such as triazolam. It is used in the short term treatment of severe or debilitating insomnia. Brotizolam is an extremely potent drug and it is rapidly eliminated with an average half-life of 4.4 hours (range 3.6 - 7.9 hours).Brotizolam is not approved for sale in the UK, United States or Canada. It is approved for sale in the Netherlands, Germany, Spain, Belgium, Austria, Portugal, Israel, Italy and Japan.
4. Indication:  Brotizolam is indicated for the short-term treatment (2-4 weeks) of severe or debilitating insomnia. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bosentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bosentan is a dual endothelin receptor antagonist important in the treatment of pulmonary artery hypertension (PAH). It is licensed in the United States, the European Union and other countries by Actelion Pharmaceuticals for the management of PAH under the trade name Tracleer®. Bosentan is used to treat pulmonary hypertension by blocking the action of endothelin molecules that would otherwise promote narrowing of the blood vessels and lead to high blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), to improve exercise ability and to decrease the rate of clinical worsening (in patients with WHO Class III or IV symptoms).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vitamin D
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Vitamin D ultimately comprises a group of lipid-soluble secosteroids responsible for a variety of biological effects, some of which include increasing the intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate. With reference to human use, there are 2 main forms of vitamin D - vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol). When non-specific references are made about 'vitamin d', the references are usually about the use of vitamin D3 and/or D2.Vitamin D3 and D2 require hydroxylation in order to become biologically active in the human body. Since vitamin D can be endogenously synthesized in adequate amounts by most mammals exposed to sufficient quantities of sunlight, vitamin D functions like a hormone on vitamin D receptors to regulate calcium in opposition to parathyroid hormone. Vitamin D plays an essential physiological role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and metabolism. There are several different vitamin D supplements that are given to treat or to prevent osteomalacia and rickets, or to meet the daily criteria of vitamin D consumption.
4. Indication:  Vitamin D is indicated for use in the treatment of hypoparathyroidism, refractory rickets (also known as vitamin D resistant rickets), and familial hypophosphatemia [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nilotinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilotinib, also known as AMN107, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation as a possible treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). In June 2006, a Phase I clinical trial found nilotinib has a relatively favorable safety profile and shows activity in cases of CML resistant to treatment with imatinib (Gleevec®), another tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used as a first-line treatment. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of various leukemias, including chronic myeloid leukemia (CML).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cupric oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cupric oxide, or copper (II) oxide, is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula CuO. Cupric oxide is used as a precursor in many copper-containing products such as wood preservatives and ceramics.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ganaxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pediatric indications and seizure disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  GFT14
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Iron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.
4. Indication:  Used in preventing and treating iron-deficiency anemia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Calcium lactate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium lactate is a salt that consists of two lactate anions for each calcium cation (Ca2+). It is one of the main sources of calcium that is used as a calcium supplement. Other uses include antacid, food additive, and ingredient in oral hygiene products. It is also available in various hydrate forms, while pentahydrate being the most common.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molecualar iodine has been developed by Symbollon Pharmaceuticals. It is a potential treatment for moderate to severe cyclic pain and tenderness (clinical mastalgia) associated with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast disorders (unspecified) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sulfathiazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sulfathiazole is a short-acting sulfa drug. It used to be a common oral and topical antimicrobial until less toxic alternatives were discovered. It is still occasionally used, sometimes in combination with sulfabenzamide and sulfacetamide.
4. Indication:  Sulfathiazole is effective against a wide range of gram positive and gram negative pathogenic microorganisms. Although no longer used in humans, it is used in cattle.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Zinc gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Zinc gluconate is a zinc salt of gluconic acid comprised of two gluconic acid molecules for each zinc cation (2+). Zinc gluconate is a generally recognized as safe (GRAS) substance by FDA [9]. It is available as a trace mineral supplement and over the counter as a lozenge form for a reduced duration of common colds and with decreased symptom severity.Although it has been nasally administered for treating the common cold, this route of administration has been associated with some cases of anosmia [5], [1], [2], [7].Studies show that zinc may be better absorbed in humans in the gluconate form [4], [19], however, results from other studies may vary [10], [L27280].Interestingly, zinc supplementation has become a critical intervention for treating diarrheal episodes in children. Studies suggest that administration of zinc along with new low osmolarity oral rehydration solutions/salts (oral rehydration solution), may reduce both the duration and severity of diarrheal episodes for up to 12 weeks [8].More information about Zinc (in its natural form) is available at Zinc.
4. Indication:  Zinc gluconate is mainly indicated in conditions like zinc deficiency, and can also be administered in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in diarrhea [15].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Calcium
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. The skeleton acts as a major mineral storage site for the element and releases Ca2+ ions into the bloodstream under controlled conditions. Circulating calcium is either in the free, ionized form or bound to blood proteins such as serum albumin. Although calcium flow to and from the bone is neutral, about 5 mmol is turned over a day. Bone serves as an important storage point for calcium, as it contains 99% of the total body calcium. Low calcium intake may also be a risk factor in the development of osteoporosis. The best-absorbed form of calcium from a pill is a calcium salt like carbonate or phosphate. Calcium gluconate and calcium lactate are absorbed well by pregnant women. Seniors absorb calcium lactate, gluconate and citrate better unless they take their calcium supplement with a full breakfast.
4. Indication:  Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. It is vital in cell signaling, muscular contractions, bone health, and signalling cascades.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Alfimeprase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alfimeprase is a recombinant analog of fibrolase. Fibrolase is a zinc-containing metalloproteinase isolated from the venom of the southern copperhead snake (Agkistrodon contortrix contortrix). It is a small protein that contains 203 residues (Randolph et al. 1992). Alfimeprase is being developed by Nuvelo.
4. Indication:  Alfimeprase is being evaluated as a potential treatment for acute ischemic stroke, catheter occlusion (CO) and acute peripheral arterial occlusion (PAO).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Magnesium
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is used primarily in "Milk of Magnesia", a white aqueous, mildly alkaline suspension of magnesium hydroxide formulated at about 8%w/v. Milk of magnesia is primarily used to alleviate constipation, but can also be used to relieve indigestion and heartburn. When taken internally by mouth as a laxative, the osmotic force of the magnesia suspension acts to draw fluids from the body and to retain those already within the lumen of the intestine, serving to distend the bowel, thus stimulating nerves within the colon wall, inducing peristalsis and resulting in evacuation of colonic contents.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
