DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cholic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major primary bile acid produced in the liver and usually conjugated with glycine or taurine. It facilitates fat absorption and cholesterol excretion. [PubChem]Cholic acid, formulated as Cholbam capsules, is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration as a treatment for children and adults with bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects, and for peroxisomal disorders (such as Zellweger syndrome).
4. Indication:  Oral cholic acid is indicated for: treatment of bile acid synthesis disorders due to single enzyme defects; and as adjunctive treatment of peroxisomal disorders including Zellweger spectrum disorders in patients who exhibit manifestations of liver disease, steatorrhea or complications from decreased fat soluble vitamin absorption. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gefarnate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gefarnate has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Stomach Ulcer, Duodenal Ulcer, and Cardio-cerebrovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Carbenoxolone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An agent derived from licorice root. It is used for the treatment of digestive tract ulcers, especially in the stomach. Antidiuretic side effects are frequent, but otherwise the drug is low in toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  KD3010
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KD3010 is a small molecule peroxisome proliferator-activator receptor delta (PPAR Delta) agonist for the treatment of metabolic disorders, including obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and obesity.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  ETC-1001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-1001 is Pfizer’s lead oral small molecule product candidate which is intended to be a chronic treatment for individuals with lipid disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Glycerol Phenylbutyrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent. Chemically, it is a triglyceride in which three molecules of phenylbutyrate are linked to a glycerol backbone. FDA approved on February 1, 2013.
4. Indication:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent for the chronic management of adult and pediatric patients ≥2 years of age with urea cycle disorders (UCDs) who cannot be managed by dietary protein restriction and/or amino acid supplementation alone. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pinaverium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [1] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [5]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and relief of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) associated with abdominal pain, bowel disturbances and intestinal discomfort, as well as the treatment of symptoms related to functional disorders of the biliary tract. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Edaravone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Edaravone is a free radical scavenger approved in May, 2017 for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral scleorosis (ALS). Clinical studies showed that the treatment attenuated deterioration of the disease when compared to placebo. It has been previously investigated for the treatment of ischemic stroke, reperfusion Injury, and myocardial Infarction as it possesses antioxidant and anti-apoptotic properties. Being a low molecular weight molecule with good water and lipid-soluble properies, it therapeutically advantageous in crossing the blood-brain barrier to mediate nootropic and neuroprotective effects. Oral formulation of edaravone is currently under development.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improving neurological symptoms and damage from acute ischemic stroke and delaying disease progression of ALS.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dydrogesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A synthetic progestational hormone with no androgenic or estrogenic properties. Unlike many other progestational compounds, dydrogesterone produces no increase in temperature and does not inhibit ovulation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular duration of cycles and irregular occurrence and duration of periods caused by progesterone deficiency. Also used to prevent natural abortion in patients who have a history of habitual abortions.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  MK-0354
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  ND1251
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ND1251 is an orally active phosphodiesterase-4 (PDE4) inhibitor, a mechanism clinically proven to play a role in alleviating symptoms of depression. ND1251 is a very potent compound with a large safety margin. ND1251 may also have applications in other disorders, such as Alzheimer's disease, mild cognitive impairment, multiple sclerosis and certain respiratory diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in depression.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Gemfibrozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A lipid-regulating agent that lowers elevated serum lipids primarily by decreasing serum triglycerides with a variable reduction in total cholesterol. These decreases occur primarily in the VLDL fraction and less frequently in the LDL fraction. Gemfibrozil increases HDL subfractions HDL2 and HDL3 as well as apolipoproteins A-I and A-II. Its mechanism of action has not been definitely established. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adult patients with very high elevations of serum triglyceride levels (types IV and V hyperlipidemia) who are at risk of developing pancreatitis (inflammation of the pancreas) and who do not respond adequately to a strict diet.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Omega-3 fatty acids
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with a double bond at the third carbon atom from the end of the carbon chain. The three types of omega-3 fatty acids involved in human physiology are α-linolenic acid (ALA) (found in plant oils), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (both commonly found in fish oil that originally come from microalgae that is further consumed by phytoplankton, a source of diet for fish). Omega-3 fatty acids play a critical role in metabolism and cellular function and they are available as daily supplements. On September 8, 2004, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave "qualified health claim" status to EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids. Therapeutic products containing omega-3 fatty acid and its derivatives for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia include Lovaza, Omtryg, Epanova, and Vascepa.
4. Indication:  Provided as daily supplements. Aa preparation of omega-3-acid ethyl esters is licensed in UK for prevention of recurrent events after myocardial infarction in addition to treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Simvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simvastatin is a lipid-lowering agent that is derived synthetically from the fermentation of Aspergillus terreus. It is a potent competitive inhibitor of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase (hydroxymethylglutaryl COA reductases), which is the rate-limiting enzyme in cholesterol biosynthesis. It may also interfere with steroid hormone production. Due to the induction of hepatic LDL receptors, it increases breakdown of LDL cholesterol. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercholesterolemia and for the reduction in the risk of cardiac heart disease mortality and cardiovascular events. It can also be used in adolescent patients for the treatment of heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Gemcabene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gemcabene is a new drug that lowers low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), decreases triglycerides, and raises high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis, cardiovascular disorders, and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Deramciclane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Deramciclane (EGIS-3886) is a non-benzodiazepine-type anxiolytic drug to treat various types of anxiety disorders. Deramciclane is a unique alternative to current anxiolytics on the market because it has a novel chemical structure and target. It acts as an antagonist at the 5-HT2A receptor, as an inverse agonist at the 5-HT2C receptor, and as a GABA reuptake inhibitor.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Misoprostol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic analog of natural prostaglandin E1. It produces a dose-related inhibition of gastric acid and pepsin secretion, and enhances mucosal resistance to injury. It is an effective anti-ulcer agent and also has oxytocic properties.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  DP-VPA
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-VPA is D-Pharm's proprietary lipid modified version of valproic acid (VPA) that demonstrate that DP-VPA is well-tolerated in patients with resistant epilepsy and has a marked effect on reducing seizure frequency.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders, epilepsy, and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Elocalcitol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, urinary incontinence, prostate disorders, and infertility.
