DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cerivastatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  On August 8, 2001 the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) announced that Bayer Pharmaceutical Division voluntarily withdrew Baycol from the U.S. market, due to reports of fatal Rhabdomyolysis, a severe adverse reaction from this cholesterol-lowering (lipid-lowering) product. It has also been withdrawn from the Canadian market.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to diet for the reduction of elevated total and LDL cholesterol levels in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia and mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb) when the response to dietary restriction of saturated fat and cholesterol and other non-pharmacological measures alone has been inadequate.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Lipoic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A vitamin-like antioxidant.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
