DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  DG051
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Grn163l
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GRN163L is a novel anti-cancer drug. It has been characterized preclinically and shown to inhibit telomerase in human tumor cells of many cancer types (including lung, breast, prostate, liver, and early stage of human breast cancer), in both cell culture systems and animal models. Study of this drug shows the its potential utility in the treatment of patients with hematologic and solid tumor malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  XL019
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL019 is a selective inhibitor of the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase JAK2. An IND for XL019 was filed by Exelixis in May 2007.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NCX 1015
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 1015 is nitric oxide-releasing derivative of prednisolone developed for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by NicOx SA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arthritis and arthritic pain and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Entolimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Entolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mucositis, Tongue Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Stage IVA Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, and Stage IVB Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sinecatechins
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Sinecatechins is a botanical drug product for topical use. It is a partially purified fraction of the water extract of green tea leaves from Camellia sinensis, and is a mixture of catechins and other green tea components. Catechins constitute 85 to 95% (by weight) of the total drug substance which includes more than 55% of Epigallocatechin gallate (EGCg), other catechin derivatives such as Epicatechin (EC), Epigallocatechin (EGC), Epicatechin gallate (ECg) and some additional minor catechin derivatives i.e. Gallocatechin gallate (GCg), Gallocatechin (GC), Catechin gallate (Cg), and Catechin (C). In addition to the known catechin components, it also contains gallic acid, caffeine, and theobromine which together constitute about 2.5% of the drug substance. The remaining amount of the drug substance contains undefined botanical constituents derived from green tea leaves.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of external genital and perianal warts (Condylomata acuminata) in immunocompetent patients 18 years and older.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Desoxyribonuclease
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desoxyribonuclease is a crystalline enzyme that aids in the digestion of the thymus nucleic acid. The mechanism of action of the enzyme involves the splitting of thymus nucleic acid into fragments approaching the size of tetranucleotides without the release of free phosphoric acid. The enzyme's cofactor is reported to be magnesium (or manganese) ions, although the optimal concentration of the ion is independent of the enzyme concentration [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen is intravesically administered for the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). The solution contains live, attenuated strain of Mycobacterium bovis. It is prepared from the Connaught strain of Bacillus Calmette and Guérin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for intravesical use in the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  ND7001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ND7001, a selective PDE2 inhibitor is in clinical trials for the treatment of depression. ND7001 is a solid. Known drug targets of ND7001 including phosphodiesterase 2A, cGMP-stimulated and cGMP-dependent 3',5'-cyclic phosphodiesterase. It is a new type of antidepressant drug with anxiolytic activity. It is the first representative of a new generation of psycho-active compounds potentially devoid of several problems seen with existing treatments.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders and depression.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  ADH-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adherex's biotechnology compound, ADH-1, targets N-cadherin, a protein present on certain tumor cells and established tumor blood vessels. ADH-1 is currently in clinical development in a combination program with a range of chemotherapeutic agents to investigate the synergistic effects noted in our preclinical models. At the end of 2006, the Company also completed patient enrollment in our single-agent Phase Ib/II and Phase II trials of ADH-1.Cadherins are cell adhesion and cell signaling molecules crucial to the development of tissues, organs and organisms. Agents that target and inhibit cadherin function have the potential to attack the progression of cancer at two distinct points:* Direct targeting of cadherins expressed on cancer cells may disturb cadherin-mediated signaling, leading to apoptosis (death) of cancer cells.* Cadherin inhibitors may exploit the inherent structural weaknesses of the tumor vasculature, causing angiolysis (disruption of blood vessels) and tumor damage.As many tumors become more aggressive, invasive, and malignant, researchers have found that N-cadherin is expressed in greater amounts, making it an important target for developing anti-cancer treatments.Poorly differentiated, highly invasive carcinomas are characterized by over-expression of N-cadherin (as opposed to E-cadherin). This change in primary cadherin expression causes the epithelial cells to lose their tightly adherent, polarized and well-defined shape and become loosely adherent, flattened and migratory. Such cadherin switching promotes properties such as dedifferentiation, local invasion and metastasis, leading to poor prognosis.ADH-1 may have utility in a wide variety of cancers as N-cadherin is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. As tumors progress to become higher grade, invasive and more metastatic, the frequency of N-cadherin expression generally rises.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), melanoma, ovarian cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  GFT14
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pirlindole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pirlindole is a reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase A (RIMA) which was developed and is currently used in Russia as an antidepressant. It is structurally and pharmacologically related to metralindole.Pirlindole is a selective, reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase (MAO) subtype A (MAO-A) that is approved in several European and non-European countries for the treatment of major depression. The antidepressant efficacy and safety of pirlindole have been demonstrated in numerous studies and, supported by many years of clinical experience in the treatment of depression. Pirlindole's efficacy and safety have also been shown in the treatment of fibromyalgia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of major depression.It is being studied in the treatment of fibromyalgia pain syndrome. One study determined that the effect of pirlindole on sensorimotor performance while driving a motor vehicle shows many similarities to that of placebo. The drug appears to stimulate the central nervous system, rather than exhibit a sedative effect, like many antidepressants. Because of its selective, reversible inhibition of monoamine oxidase (MAO-A) and short half-life, unpleasant "cheese effects" are avoided. This refers to the effects of consuming tyramine-rich foods, such as cheese while medicated with monoamine oxidase inhibitors, leading to severe headaches and hypertension [6]. of The available evidence supports pirlindole as a safe and effective treatment option for the management of depression and fibromyalgia syndrome [5].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Conestat alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  MM-093
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  SGS-742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), memory loss, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  XL281
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL281 is a novel anticancer compound designed to potently inhibit the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signaling pathway. Mutational activation of RAS occurs in about 30 percent of all human tumors, including non-small cell lung, pancreatic, and colon cancer. XL281 is a specific inhibitor of RAF kinases, including the mutant form of B-RAF, which is activated in 60 percent of melanomas, 24-44 percent of thyroid cancers, and 9 percent of colon cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Thrombomodulin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thrombomodulin Alfa is a novel, recombinant and soluble thrombomodulin (ART-123). It is a human protein with both thrombin inhibiting and protein C stimulating activities, for the potential treatment of thromboembolism and blood clotting disorders, such as disseminated intravascular thromboembolism. [5]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood preservative, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), sepsis and septicemia, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  AVE-1625
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVE-1625 is an oral selective and potent antagonist of cannabinoid 1 (CB1) receptors having the same mechanism of action as rimonabant. It is currently developed in obesity and its associated comorbidities. AVE-1625 is also being developed for the treatment of Alzheimer disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, obesity, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Necitumumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Necitumumab is an intravenously administered recombinant monoclonal IgG1 antibody used in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) as an EGFR antagonist. It functions by binding to epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) and prevents binding of its ligands, a process that is involved in cell proliferation, metastasis, angiogenesis, and malignant progression. Binding of necitumumab to EGFR induces receptor internalization and degradation, thereby preventing further activation of EGFR which is beneficial in NSCLC as many patients have increased protein expression of EGFR. Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
4. Indication:  Necitumumab is approved for use in combination with cisplatin and gemcitabine as a first-line treatment for metastatic squamous non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). It is not indicated for treatment of non-squamous NSCLC. 
