DrugId:  1
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Obeticholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Obeticholic acid is a farnesoid-X receptor (FXR) agonist and is used to treat a number of liver diseases. [1] Obeticholic acid has been granted accelerated approval to treat primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid. [1] Approval is limited to monotherapy in patient's who are intolerant to ursodeoxycholic acid, or in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid in adults who have not responded adequately to ursodeoxyholic acid alone. [1]Obeticholic acid given orally, binds to the farnesoid X receptor (FXR), a receptor found in the nucleus of cells in the liver and intestine. FXR is a key regulator of bile acid metabolic pathways. Obeticholic acid increases bile flow from the liver and suppresses bile acid production in the liver, thus reducing the exposure of the liver to toxic levels of bile acids.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.Obeticholic acid was approved as an orphan drug based on its reduction in the level of the biomarker alkaline phosphatase as a surrogate endpoint for clinical benefit. It is indicated for the treatment of primary biliary cholangitis in combination with ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) in adults with an inadequate response to UDCA, or as monotherapy in adults unable to tolerate UDCA. Additional studies are being required to prove its clinical benefit.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Perflubutane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Perflubutane has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Liver Mass, Liver Diseases, Liver Metastasis, Portal Hypertension, and Peripheral Artery Disease. It is a cardiovascular drug designed to enable ultrasound to compete more effectively with nuclear stress testing; currently the leading procedure for detecting coronary heart disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Omalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant DNA-derived humanized IgG1k monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to human immunoglobulin E (IgE). Xolair is produced by a Chinese hamster ovary cell suspension culture in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of asthma caused by allergies
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ETC-588
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-588, or LUV (large unilamellar vesicles), is made of naturally occurring lipids that circulate through arteries to facilitate the role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in removing accumulated cholesterol and other lipids from cells including those in the arterial wall. LUV are capable of transporting excess cholesterol from the vasculature to the liver for eventual elimination as part of the reverse lipid transport (RLT) pathway. It is believed that the removal of cholesterol by ETC-588 through this pathway may result in the reversal of atherosclerosis. Esperion is currently developing ETC-588 as a treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dilmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}
4. Indication:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Imolamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imolamine is a compound with a molecular weight of 260.33 g/mol with the formula diethyl[2-{5-imino-3-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1,2,3-oxadiazol,-4-yl)ethyl]amine. It is developed under the brand name Coremax by Novartis consumer health SA.
4. Indication:  Imolamine is indicated for the treatment of angina pectoris. The hydrochloride form is used as a local anesthetic.[2]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Antipyrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An analgesic and antipyretic that has been given by mouth and as ear drops. Antipyrine is often used in testing the effects of other drugs or diseases on drug-metabolizing enzymes in the liver. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p29)
4. Indication:  Antipyrine is an analgesic often used to test effects of other drugs on liver enzymes..
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Albendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzimidazole broad-spectrum anthelmintic structurally related to mebendazole that is effective against many diseases. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p38)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of parenchymal neurocysticercosis due to active lesions caused by larval forms of the pork tapeworm, Taenia solium and for the treatment of cystic hydatid disease of the liver, lung, and peritoneum, caused by the larval form of the dog tapeworm, Echinococcus granulosus.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Molsidomine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molsidomine is an orally active, long-acting vasodilator, which belongs to the class of medications known as syndnones.Interestingly, it is being studied as being a preventive measure in cerebral infarction [1].
4. Indication:  The indications for use of molsidomine include ischemic heart disease, angina, chronic heart failure, and pulmonary hypertension [9, 10].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trapidil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trapidil, a platelet-derived growth factor antagonist, was originally developed as a vasodilator and anti-platelet agent and has been used to treat patients with ischemic coronary heart, liver, and kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of chronic stable angina [8].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Velpatasvir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Velpatasvir is a Direct-Acting Antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Velpatasvir acts as a defective substrate for NS5A (Non-Structural Protein 5A), a non-enzymatic viral protein that plays a key role in Hepatitis C Virus replication, assembly, and modulation of host immune responses [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as velpatasvir. Notably, velpatasvir has a significantly higher barrier to resistance than the first generation NS5A inhibitors, such as Ledipasvir and Daclatasvir, making it a highly potent and reliable alternative for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C [6]. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Velpatasvir as first line therapy in combination with sofosbuvir for all six genotypes of Hepatitis C [8]. Velpatasvir is currently only available within a fixed dose combination product as Epclusa with Sofosbuvir, another direct acting antiviral. Goals of therapy for Epclusa include the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality and risk of requiring a liver transplant [5].Since June 2016, Velpatasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir, as the commercially available product Epclusa. Epclusa is the first combination HCV product indicated for the treatment of all genotypes of Hepatitis C with or without cirrhosis. It is also currently the most potent HCV antiviral medication on the market with a sustained virologic response (SVR) after 12 weeks of therapy of 93-99% depending on genotype and level of cirrhosis and a high barrier to resistance [8]. Both Canadian and American guidelines list Epclusa as a first line recommendation for all genotypes of HCV [8, 5].
4. Indication:  Velpatasvir is used in combination therapy with other antiviral medications to treat chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infected patients with HCV genoptypes 1-6, and to treat HCV and HIV co-infected patients. Depending on the level of cirrhosis or decompensation, combination therapy can also include therapy with Ribavirin.When used in combination with Sofosbuvir as the combination product Epclusa, Velpatasvir is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) genotype 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, or in combination with Ribavirin if associated with decompensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Allergenic extract- beef liver
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beef liver allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Boceprevir
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Boceprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [7]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Boceprevir. Boceprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [5]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Boceprevir is still effective against HCV when paired with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) do not reccomend Boceprevir in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b as first line therapy for Hepatitis C [5]. Boceprevir, Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6].Boceprevir is available as a fixed dose product (tradename Victrelis) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in May 2011 by the FDA, Victrelis is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1 in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b [FDA Label]. Victrelis is no longer widely used as interferon-free therapies have been developed.
4. Indication:  Boceprevir, when used in combination with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, and Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for use in the treatment of chronic HCV genotype 1 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ledipasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ledipasvir is a direct acting antiviral (DAA) medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [9]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as ledipasvir. More specifically, ledipasvir is an inhibitor of the Hepatitis C Virus (HCV) Non-Structural Protein 5A (NS5A), which is required for viral RNA replication and assembly of HCV virions. Although its exact mechanism of action is unknown, it is postulated to prevent hyperphosphorylation of NS5A which is required for viral protein production. It is effective against genotypes 1a, 1b, 4a, and 5a and with a lesser activity against genotypes 2a and 3a of HCV. Ledipasvir and other direct acting antivirals are very potent options for the treatment of Hepatitis C, as they exhibit a high barrier to the development of resistance [8]. This is an important advantage relative to HCV drugs that target other viral enzymes such as the protease, for which rapid development of resistance has proven to be an important cause of therapeutic failure. In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend ledipasvir as a first line therapy option in combination with Sofosbuvir for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, 4, 5, and 6 [9]. Treatment with ledipasvir is used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6]. Treatment with direct acting antivirals such as ledipasvir is associated with very minimal side effects, with the most common being headache and fatigue [FDA Label]. Lack of significant side effects and short duration of therapy is a considerable advantage over older interferon- and ribavirin-based regimens, which were limited by infusion site reactions, reduced blood count, and neuropsychiatric effects [7]. Since 2014, ledipasvir has been available as a fixed dose combination product with Sofosbuvir (tradename Harvoni) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in October 2014 by the FDA, Harvoni is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. When combined together, ledipasvir and sofosbuvir as the combination product Harvoni has been shown to achieve a SVR between 93 and 99% after 12 weeks of treatment [FDA Label]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [5].
4. Indication:  When used in combination with the antiviral medication Sofosbuvir as the commercially available product Harvoni, ledipasvir is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1, 4, 5, and 6 with or without Ribavirin depending on the level of liver damage or cirrhosis [FDA Label]. Its use has also proven successful in the treatment of HCV in patients co-infected with HIV [5].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Grazoprevir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Grazoprevir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [6]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Grazoprevir. Grazoprevir is an inhibitor of NS3/4A, a serine protease enzyme, encoded by HCV genotypes 1 and 4 [Synthesis]. These enzymes are essential for viral replication and serve to cleave the virally encoded polyprotein into mature proteins like NS3, NS4A, NS4B, NS5A and NS5B [FDA Label]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS3/4A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [4]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 155, 156, or 168 are known to confer resistance. The substitutions of the enzyme's catalytic triad consisting of H58, D82, and S139 are also likely to alter the affinity of the drug for NS3/4A or the activity of the enzyme itself. Despite this disadvantage Grazoprevir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Elbasvir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Grazoprevir as first line therapy in combination with Elbasvir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [4]. Grazoprevir and Elbasvir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [5].Grazoprevir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Elbasvir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Grazoprevir and Elbasvir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [6]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Grazoprevir is indicated in combination with Elbasvir (as the fixed dose combination product Zepatier) with or without Ribavirin for treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1a, 1b, or 4 infection in adults. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dasabuvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dasabuvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [8]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Dasabuvir. Dasabuvir is a non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitor which binds to the palm domain of NS5B and induces a conformational change which renders the polymerase unable to elongate viral RNA [FDA Label]. The binding sites for non-nucleoside NS5B inhibitors are poorly conserved across HCV genotypes leading to the restriction of Dasabuvir's use to genotype 1 only.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Dasabuvir as first line therapy in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir for genotype 1b and with Ribavirin for genotype 1a of Hepatitis C [8]. Dasabuvir, Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, Ritonavir, and Ribavirin are used with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [7].Dasabuvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (tradename Viekira Pak) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in December 2014 by the FDA, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin [FDA Label]. When combined together, Dasabuvir Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir as the combination product Viekira Pak have been shown to achieve a SVR of 100% for genotype 1b and 89% or 95% for genotype 1a after 12 weeks or 24 weeks of treatment including Ribavirin.
4. Indication:  Dasabuvir, in combination with Ombitasvir, Paritaprevir, and Ritonavir (as Viekira Pak) is indicated for the treatment of patients with HCV genotype 1a with Ribavirin or genotype 1b without Ribavirin including those with compensated cirrhosis [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Elbasvir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elbasvir is a direct acting antiviral medication used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [5]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) such as Elbasvir. Elbasvir is an inhibitor of NS5A, a protein essential for viral replication and virion assembly [Synthesis]. The barrier for develoment of resistance to NS5A inhibitors is lower than that of NS5B inhibitors, another class of DAAs [3]. Subtitutions at amino acid positions 28, 30, 31, or 93 are known to confer resistance to Elbasvir [FDA Label]. Despite this disadvantage Elbasvir is still effective against HCV particularly when paired with Grazoprevir.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) recommend Elbasvir as first line therapy in combination with Grazoprevir for genotypes 1a, 1b, and 4 of Hepatitis C [3]. Elbasvir and Grazoprevir are used with or without Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [4].Elbasvir is available as a fixed dose combination product with Grazoprevir (tradename Zepatier) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in January 2016 by the FDA, Zepatier is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotypes 1 and 4 with or without Ribavirin depending on the the presence of resistance associated amino acid substitutions in the NS5A protein and previous treatment failure with Ribavirin, Peginterferon alfa-2a, Peginterferon alfa-2b, or other NS3/4A inhibitors like Boceprevir, Simeprevir, or Telaprevir [FDA Label]. When combined together, Elbasvir and Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier have been shown to achieve a SVR between 94% and 97% for genotype 1 and 97% and 100% for genotype 4 after 12 weeks of treatment [5]. It can be used in patients with compensated cirrhosis, human immunodeficiency virus co-infection, or severe kidney disease.
4. Indication:  Elbasvir, when used in combination with Grazoprevir as the combination product Zepatier, is indicated for use with or without ribavirin for the treatment of chronic HCV genotypes 1 or 4 infection in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tiaprofenic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tiaprofenic acid is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug of the arylpropionic acid (profen) class, used to treat pain, especially arthritic pain.
4. Indication:  Tiaprofenic acid is used to treat pain, especially arthritic pain.
