DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fasinumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasinumab has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Sciatica, Back Pain, Low Back Pain, Osteoarthritis, Hip, and Abdominal Pain Upper, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Methocarbamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant whose mode of action has not been established. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1206)
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Nicoboxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nicoboxil has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Low Back Pain.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Etoricoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Etoricoxib is a new COX-2 selective inhibitor. Current therapeutic indications are: treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, chronic low back pain, acute pain and gout. Like any other COX-2 selective inhibitor, Etoricoxib selectively inhibits isoform 2 of cyclo-oxigenase enzyme (COX-2). This reduces the generation of prostaglandins (PGs) from arachidonic acid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, chronic low back pain, acute pain and gout.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Magnesium salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium salicylate is a common analgesic and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate muscular pain. It is also used to treat headaches, general back pain, and certain joint pains like arthritis.It is found in a variety of over-the-counter (OTC) medications as an anti-inflammatory, primarily for back-pain relief. Magnesium Salicylate can be an effective OTC alternative to prescription NSAIDs, with both anti-inflamatory and pain-relieving effects.Though the recommended doseage is 1160 mg every six hours, per package directions of the Doan's OTC brand (580 mg magnesium salicylate tetrahydrate, equivalent to 934.4 mg anhydrous magnesium salicylate), effective pain relief is often found with a half dosage, with reduced anti-inflammatory results.
4. Indication:  Magnesium salicylate is a common analgesic and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used to treat mild to moderate muscular pain
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tea tree oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tea tree oil is also referred to as melaleuca oil due to its origin from Melaleuca alternifolia, a tea tree native to Australia. The oil is extracted from the leaves via distillation. It has been used in traditional medicine due to its antiseptic properties, however the mechanism of action of tea tree oil is unclear. Oral ingestion of tea tree oil is toxic, so it is topically applied for skin conditions such as fungal infections, acne, lice, scabies, athlete's foot (tinea pedis) and dandruff. It is also found in cosmetics and skin products to reduce skin blemishes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pelubiprofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pelubiprofen has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Back Pain.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tripelennamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions, coughs, and the common cold.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Capsicum oleoresin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Capsicum oleoresin is an oily organic resin derived from the fruit of plants in the Capsicum genus, such as chilli peppers. When the plants are finely ground, capsicum oleoresin is formed after the extraction process of capsaicin using oragnic solvents such as ethanol. It is commonly used as a culinary spice. The intensity of biological actions and toxicological effects of capsicum oleoresin are a direct function of the amount of capsaicinoids, or capsaicin, present in the compound [6]. Capsaicinoids comprise of a group of fat-soluble pungent chemical phenols and include Capsaicin, dihydrocapsaicin, nordihydrocapsaicin, homocapsaicin, and homodihydrocapsaicin [3]. Capsaicin and dihydrocapsaicin are the most pungent capsaicinoid analogues [3].Capsicum oleoresin is contained in pepper sprays when suspended in water, and acts an active lachrymatory agent that induces irritation, lacrimation, pain, and temporary blindness when in contact with eyes. Due to its analgesic properties, capsicum oleoresin is used to temporarily relieve of minor aches and pains of muscles and joints as an active ingredient in topical OTC preparations and has been studied for management of different models of neuropathic pain [1]. It is suggested that capsicum oleoresin is a rich source of phytochemicals that consist of phenolic compounds with antioxidant and antidiabetic activities [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the temporary relief of minor aches and pains of muscles and joints associated with simple backache, arthritis, strains and sprains. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cannabidiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cannabidiol, or CBD, is one of at least 85 active cannabinoids identified within Cannabis sativa. It is a major phytocannabinoid, accounting for up to 40% of the plant's extract, and binds to a wide variety of physiological targets of the endocannabinoid system within the body. Although the exact medical implications are currently being investigated, CBD has shown promise as a therapeutic and pharmaceutical drug target. CBD is considered to have a wider scope of medical applications than tetrahydrocannabinol (THC); it has been shown to have analgesic, anticonvulsant, muscle relaxant, anxiolytic, neuroprotective, anti-oxidant, and anti-psychotic activity.CBD is currently available in Canada within a 1:1 formulation with tetrahydrocannbinol (THC) as the brand name product Sativex. It is approved for use as adjunctive treatment for symptomatic relief of spasticity in adult patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Sativex was also given a conditional Notice of Compliance (NOC/c) for use as adjunctive treatment for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain in adult patients with multiple sclerosis and as adjunctive analgesic treatment for moderate to severe pain in adult patients with advanced cancer.
4. Indication:  When used in combination with delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol as the product Sativex, cannabidiol was given a standard marketing authorization (ie. a Notice of Compliance (NOC)) by Health Canada for the following indications:1) as adjunctive treatment for symptomatic relief of spasticity in adult patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) who have not responded adequately to other therapy and who demonstrate meaningful improvement during an initial trial of therapy [5];Due to the need for confirmatory studies to verify the clinical benefit coupled with the promising nature of the clinical evidence, Sativex was also given a Notice of Compliance with Conditions (NOC/c) by Health Canada for the following indications:1) as adjunctive treatment for the symptomatic relief of neuropathic pain in adult patients with multiple sclerosis;2) as adjunctive analgesic treatment in adult patients with advanced cancer who experience moderate to severe pain during the highest tolerated dose of strong opioid therapy for persistent background pain [5].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Camphor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially cinnamomum camphora. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Iopromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography. 
4. Indication:  Iopromide, as the product Iovist, is indicated for use as an X-ray contrast agent in the following procedures:Intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA) (150 mg I/mL)Cerebral arteriography and peripheral arteriography (300 mg I/mL)Coronary arteriography and left ventriculography, visceral angiography and aortography (370 mg I/mL)Peripheral venography (240 mg I/mL)Excretory urography (300 mg I/mL)Contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging of head and body (300 mg I/mL and 370 mg I/mL) 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methyl salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. The compound was first extracted and isolated from plant species Gaultheria procumbens in 1843. It is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in liniments. It forms a colorless to yellow or reddish liquid and exhibits a characteristic odor and taste of wintergreen. For acute joint and muscular pain, methyl salicylate is used as a rubefacient and analgesic in deep heating liniments. It is used as a flavoring agent in chewing gums and mints in small concentrations and added as antiseptic in mouthwash solutions.
4. Indication:  Ointments or liniments containing methyl salicylate are applied topically as counter irritant for relief of acute pain associated with lumbago,sciatica and rheumatic conditions. Local analgesics for human and veterinary medicine.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  M40403
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M40403 is a low molecular weight, synthetic manganese containing superoxide dismutase mimetic (SODm) that selectively removes superoxide anion.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of pain and possibly various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Caffeine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine naturally occurring in some beverages and also used as a pharmacological agent. Caffeine's most notable pharmacological effect is as a central nervous system stimulant, increasing alertness and producing agitation. It also relaxes smooth muscle, stimulates cardiac muscle, stimulates diuresis, and appears to be useful in the treatment of some types of headache. Several cellular actions of caffeine have been observed, but it is not entirely clear how each contributes to its pharmacological profile. Among the most important are inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases, antagonism of adenosine receptors, and modulation of intracellular calcium handling.
4. Indication:  For management of fatigue, orthostatic hypotension, and for the short term treatment of apnea of prematurity in infants.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Naproxen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Anthrax immune globulin human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anthrax immune globulin is a human immune globulin that is used in combination with antibiotics to treat anthrax. It is derived from the plasma of humans immunized with BioThrax (adsorbed anthrax vaccine), which is then further purified. Available as the product Anthrasil (FDA), the result is a solution for slow IV infusion containing polyclonal antibodies that bind the protective antigen (PA) component of Bacillus anthracis lethal and edema toxins. This binding of antibody to PA prevents PA-mediated cellular entry of toxic factors. It is administered in combination with appropriate antibiotic therapy as the immunoglobulin itself is not known to have direct antibacterial activity against anthrax bacteria, which otherwise may continue to grow and produce anthrax toxins.
4. Indication:  Anthrax immune globulin is indicated for the treatment of inhalational anthrax in adult and pediatric patients in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Neomycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A component of neomycin that is produced by Streptomyces fradiae. On hydrolysis it yields neamine and neobiosamine B. (From Merck Index, 11th ed). Neomycin is a bactericidal aminoglycoside antibiotic that binds to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and acceptor tRNA sites and results in the production of non-functional or toxic peptides.
4. Indication:  Topical uses include treatment for superficial eye infections caused by susceptible bacteria (used in combination with other antiinfectives), treatment of otitis externa caused by susceptible bacteria, treatment or prevention of bacterial infections in skin lesions, and use as a continuous short-term irrigant or rinse to prevent bacteriuria and gram negative rod bacteremia in abacteriuric patients with indwelling catheters. May be used orally to treat hepatic encephalopathy, as a perioperative prophylactic agent, and as an adjunct to fluid and electrolyte replacement in the treatment of diarrhea caused to enteropathogenic E. coli (EPEC). 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
