DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Alferminogene Tadenovec
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alferminogene Tadenovec is Cardium’s lead product candidate, is being developed for the potential treatment of myocardial ischemia that gives rise to angina symptoms associated with coronary heart disease. Alferminogene tadenovec represents a new therapeutic class of biologics designed to promote angiogenesis and thereby improve blood flow following a one-time intracoronary administration from a standard cardiac infusion catheter.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angina, coronary artery disease, and heart disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pheniprazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pheniprazine is an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant in the 1960s. It was also used in the treatment of angina pectoris and schizophrenia. Pheniprazine has been largely discontinued due to toxicity concerns such as jaundice, amblyopia, and optic neuritis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression, schizophrenia, and angina pectoris.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lefradafiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lefradafiban is an oral platelet glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor antagonist being investigated in the treatment of angina.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of unstable angina.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fradafiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angina.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Perhexiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  2-(2,2-Dicyclohexylethyl)piperidine. Coronary vasodilator used especially for angina of effort. It may cause neuropathy and hepatitis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of severe angina pectoris.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Bevantolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bevantolol is a beta-1 adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to be as effective as other beta blockers for the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. Mechanism of Action Animal experiments confirm both agonist and antagonist effects on alpha-receptors, in addition to antagonist activity at beta-1 receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nilvadipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilvadipine is a calcium channel blocker (CCB) for treatment of hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina and hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fenoxaprop-ethyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fenoxaprop-ethyl (organic nitrate combined with L-arginine), is an oral proprietary nitrate therapeutic shown to induce coronary vasodilation while overcoming the significant problem of drug tolerance. Fenoxaprop-ethyl has been investigated to treat chronic angina, the chest pain that occurs from inadequate blood flow to the coronary arteries around the heart.
4. Indication:  Chronic angina and Coronary Artery Disease 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Iroxanadine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and vascular diseases as a cardioprotective agent. Its use has also been suggested for the prevention of early restenosis following vascular surgery or balloon angioplasty.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Isosorbide Mononitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isosorbide mononitrate is a drug used principally in the treatment of angina pectoris and acts by dilating the blood vessels so as to reduce the blood pressure. It is sold by AstraZeneca under the trade name Imdur.Isosorbide mononitrate is used to for the the prophylactic treatment of angina pectoris; that is, it is taken in order to prevent or at least reduce the occurrence of angina. Research on Isosorbide mononitrate as a cervical ripener to reduce time at hospital to birth is supportive.Isosorbide mononitrate is an active metabolite of isosorbide dinitrate and exerts qualitatively similar effects. Isosorbide mononitrate reduces the workload of the heart by producing venous and arterial dilation. By reducing the end diastolic pressure and volume, isosorbide mononitrate lowers intramural pressure, hence leading to an improvement in the subendocardial blood flow. The net effect when administering isosorbide mononitrate is therefore a reduced workload for the heart and an improvement in the oxygen supply/demand balance of the myocardium.The adverse reactions which follow have been reported in studies with isosorbide mononitrate:Very common. Headache predominates (up to 30%) necessitating withdrawal of 2 to 3 % of patients, but the incidence reduces rapidly as treatment continues .Common. Tiredness, sleep disturbances (6%) and gastrointestinal disturbances (6%) have been reported during clinical trials with isosorbide mononitrate modified release tablets, but at a frequency no greater than for placebo. Hypotension (4 to 5%), poor appetite (2.5%), nausea (1%).Adverse effects associated with the clinical use of the drug are as expected with all nitrate preparations. They occur mainly in the early stages of treatment.Hypotension (4%) with symptoms such as dizziness and nausea (1%) have been reported. These symptoms generally disappear during long-term treatment.Other reactions that have been reported with isosorbide mononitrate modified release tablets include tachycardia, vomiting, diarrhoea, vertigo and heartburn
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease and the treatment of acute and chronic angina pectoris, hypertension, and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Isosorbide Dinitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator used in the treatment of angina pectoris. Its actions are similar to nitroglycerin but with a slower onset of action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Lercanidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lercanidipine is a calcium channel blocker of the dihydropyridine class.It is sold under various commercial names including Zanidip.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hypertension, management of angina pectoris and Raynaud's syndrome
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Imolamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imolamine is a compound with a molecular weight of 260.33 g/mol with the formula diethyl[2-{5-imino-3-phenyl-4,5-dihydro-1,2,3-oxadiazol,-4-yl)ethyl]amine. It is developed under the brand name Coremax by Novartis consumer health SA.
4. Indication:  Imolamine is indicated for the treatment of angina pectoris. The hydrochloride form is used as a local anesthetic.[2]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Trimetazidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trimetazidine is a drug for angina pectoris sold under the brand name Vastarel MR. Trimetazidine is described as the first cytoprotective anti-ischemic agent developed and marketed by Laboratoires Servier (France). Trimetazidine is an anti-ischemic (anti-anginal) metabolic agent, which improves myocardial glucose utilization through inhibition of long-chain 3-ketoacyl CoA thiolase activity, which results in a reduction in fatty acid oxidation and a stimulation of glucose oxidation. High fatty acid oxidation rates are detrimental during ischemia due to an inhibition of glucose oxidation leading to uncoupling of glycolysis and an increase in proton production, which has the potential to accelerate sodium and calcium overload in the heart, which leads to an exacerbation of ischemic injury and decreased cardiac efficiency during reperfusion.
4. Indication:  Trimetazidine is indicated for use in angina pectoris.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Molsidomine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molsidomine is an orally active, long-acting vasodilator, which belongs to the class of medications known as syndnones.Interestingly, it is being studied as being a preventive measure in cerebral infarction [1].
4. Indication:  The indications for use of molsidomine include ischemic heart disease, angina, chronic heart failure, and pulmonary hypertension [9, 10].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nicardipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A potent calcium channel blockader with marked vasodilator action. It has antihypertensive properties and is effective in the treatment of angina and coronary spasms without showing cardiodepressant effects. It has also been used in the treatment of asthma and enhances the action of specific antineoplastic agents. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the management of patients with chronic stable angina and for the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  CMX-2043
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CMX-2043 has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Non STEMI, Unstable Angina, Stable Coronary Artery Disease, and Percutaneous Coronary Intervention.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nitroglycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A volatile vasodilator which relieves angina pectoris by stimulating guanylate cyclase and lowering cytosolic calcium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tedisamil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tedisamil (planned trade name Pulzium) is an investigational drug for atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter. It is currently being developed by Solvay and is currently under regulatory review by the United States Food and Drug Administration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arrhythmia, atrial fibrillation, and angina.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nicorandil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nicorandil is an orally efficacious vasodilatory drug and antianginal agent marketed in the UK, Australia, most of Europe, India, Philippines, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan. It is not an approved drug by FDA. It is a niacinamide derivative that induces vasodilation of arterioles and large coronary arteries by activating potassium channels. It is often used for patients with angina who remain symptomatic despite optimal treatment ith other antianginal drugs [10]. Nicorandil is a dual-action potassium channel opener that relaxes vascular smooth muscle through membrane hyperpolarization via increased transmembrane potassium conductance and increased intracellular concentration of cyclic GMP. It is shown to dilate normal and stenotic coronary arteries and reduces both ventricular preload and afterload [A20325].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the prevention and treatment of chronic stable angina pectoris and reduction in the risk of acute coronary syndromes. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nitrendipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A calcium channel blocker with marked vasodilator action. It is an effective antihypertensive agent and differs from other calcium channel blockers in that it does not reduce glomerular filtration rate and is mildly natriuretic, rather than sodium retentive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mibefradil
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mibefradil was withdrawn from the market in 1998 because of potentially harmful interactions with other drugs.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of angina and high blood pressure.
