DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tofacitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tofacitinib is an inhibitor of Janus kinases, a group of intracellular enzymes involved in signalling pathways that affect hematopoiesis and immune cell function. It is approved by the FDA for treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis that responds inadequately to methotrexate or in those who are intolerant to methotrexate.Besides rheumatoid arthritis, tofacitinib has also been studied in clinical trials for the prevention of organ transplant rejection, and is currently under investigation for the treatment of psoriasis. Known adverse effects include nausea and headache as well as more serious immunologic and hematological adverse effects. Tofacitinib is marketed under the brand name Xeljanz by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis which is resistant or intolerant to methotrexate therapy. It may also be used as an adjunct to methotrexate therapy, or other non-biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDS), when methotrexate alone is not sufficient. Tofacitinib has also been investigated as a preventative therapy for kidney transplant rejections, and as a treatment for psoriasis, ulcerative colitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is not to be initiated in patients with a history of chronic or recurrent infections, or in the presence of active infection, even if localized, due to reports of serious and sometimes fatal infections (commonly pneumonia, herpes zoster and urinary tract infections). Use of tofacitinib is also discouraged in those who have been, or are likely to be, exposed to TB. An increased likelihood of exposure may be encountered by traveling to certain areas. In addition, tofacitinib is not to be used in patients with severe hepatic impairment, or low hemoglobin (less than 9g/dL). Cautioned is advised when using tofacitinib in patients at risk of gastrointestinal perforation, and in the elderly who are more susceptible to infection. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Antilymphocyte immunoglobulin (horse)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Equine anti-thymocyte globulin is composed of purified gamma globulin containing primarily IgG against human thymus lymphocytes. It is formed by inoculating a horse with an antigen (human thymoyctes) which then induces the horse immune system's B-lymphocytes to produce IgG immunoglobulins specific for that antigen. The result is polyclonal IgG that is then purified from the horse's serum to produce a usable drug product that can be used for immunosuppression. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, equine anti-thymocyte globulin targets a variety of immune system proteins including lymphocyte surface proteins, granulocytes, platelets, bone marrow cells, and other cell types. Equine ATG is currently indicated for the suppression of the immune system to prevent renal transplant rejection and in the treatment of aplastic anemia. Induction of T cell apoptosis and resulting T-cell lymphopenia found in vivo is credited for its therapeutic effect in these conditions. There are currently various ATG products available, which differ in the source of inoculated animal (rabbit, horse, or pig) and in the type of antigen product used to produce immunoglobulin (thymocytes, peripheral T cells, etc.).
4. Indication:  For prevention of renal transplant rejection and for the treatment of aplastic anemia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ponatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ponatinib is a novel Bcr-Abl tyrosine kinase inhibitor that is especially effective against the T315I mutation for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ponatinib is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy or Philadelphia chromosome positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ALL) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor therapy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pixantrone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pixantrone is an aza-anthracenedione and DNA intercalator which inhibits topoisomerase II. It is similar in structure to anthracyclines such as mitoxantrone, but exerts fewer toxic effects on cardiac tissue. [2] The lower cardio-toxic effects of pixantrone may be explained, in part, by its redox inactivity [3]. Pixantrone does not bind iron and promotes the formation of reactive oxygen species to a lesser degree than other anthracyclines. It also inhibits doxorubicinol formation in human myocardium. [3] As a result, it is believed to be less cardiotoxic while still exerting efficacy. Pixantrone was designed to treat relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma(NHL) in patients who have failed two prior lines of therapy. [2] For patients suffering from NHL, first line therapies consist of anthracycline containing multi-drug treatments which unfortunately are known to cause irreversible myocardial tissue damage. Patients refractory to treatment, or those who relapse, are discouraged from further anthracycline use due to cumulative cardiotoxicity. Pixantrone dimaleate, administered intravenously, was designed by Cell Therapeutics Incorporated as an alternative second line therapy in refractory or relapsed NHL. It is currently being tested in Phase III trials. [2]Although pixantrone has not yet received FDA approval in the United States, it has been granted conditional marketing approval by the European Union. Conditional approval was granted by the European Medicines Agency after a phase III EXTEND trial of patients with NHL showed that pixantrone was tolerable and that it resulted in significantly higher complete response rate and progression free survival in comparison to other single chemotherapy agents. However, it is notable that the EXTEND trial was stopped early, leaving the statistical significance of the results in question. Based on this uncertainty, in 2009, the FDA ultimately rejected Cell Therapeutic's initial application for accelerated approval for pixantrone use in relapsed or refractory NHL. Another phase III trial, PIX-R, is now ongoing to clarify pixantrones place in therapy. It will compare pixantrone efficacy to that of gemcitabine. [2] 
4. Indication:  Currently in Phase III investigation for treatment of relapsed or refractory aggressive non-Hodgkin's lymphoma in patients who have failed two prior lines of therapy. Presently, no standard therapy exists for patients with relapsed or refractory NHL. [2] After first line therapy has been initiated, most patients have received their lifetime limit of doxorubicin and further use of anthracyclines may potentially lead to anthracycline-induced congestive heart failure (CHF). Pixantrone is an attractive alternative as a second line agent, due to its lack of cardiac toxicity. [2] The phase III trial, PIX-R, is ongoing and will compare pixantrone multidrug therapy with an equivalent regimen in patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (the most common type of NHL).Previous study results have also suggested the possibility that pixantrone may be safe and effective in doxorubicin naive patients. In myocardial strips which are doxorubicin naive, pixantrone is taken up to a higher degree than in myocardial strips which are doxorubicin exposed, and once absorbed exhibits redox inactivity. [3] Pixantrone dimaleate has also been investigated as a treatment for acute myelogenous leukemia, diffuse large B-cell lymphoma, follicular lymphoma, metastatic breast cancer, low grade small lymphocytic lymphomas and general metastatic cancers. 
