DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Epratuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epratuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody derived from the murine IG2a monotclonal antibody, LL2 (EPB-2). Potential uses may be found in oncology and in treatment of inflammatory autoimmune disorders, such as lupus (SLE).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid), lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and systemic lupus erythematosus.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Antilymphocyte immunoglobulin (horse)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Equine anti-thymocyte globulin is composed of purified gamma globulin containing primarily IgG against human thymus lymphocytes. It is formed by inoculating a horse with an antigen (human thymoyctes) which then induces the horse immune system's B-lymphocytes to produce IgG immunoglobulins specific for that antigen. The result is polyclonal IgG that is then purified from the horse's serum to produce a usable drug product that can be used for immunosuppression. Although the exact mechanism of action is unknown, equine anti-thymocyte globulin targets a variety of immune system proteins including lymphocyte surface proteins, granulocytes, platelets, bone marrow cells, and other cell types. Equine ATG is currently indicated for the suppression of the immune system to prevent renal transplant rejection and in the treatment of aplastic anemia. Induction of T cell apoptosis and resulting T-cell lymphopenia found in vivo is credited for its therapeutic effect in these conditions. There are currently various ATG products available, which differ in the source of inoculated animal (rabbit, horse, or pig) and in the type of antigen product used to produce immunoglobulin (thymocytes, peripheral T cells, etc.).
4. Indication:  For prevention of renal transplant rejection and for the treatment of aplastic anemia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Antithymocyte immunoglobulin (rabbit)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rabbit anti-thymocyte globulin. Thymoglobulin is a polyclonal antibody that suppresses certain types of immune cells responsible for acute organ rejection in transplant patients. Thymoglobulin is a mixture of antibodies intended to bind to various cell surface antigens. The most common mode of action of Thymoglobulin is via selective depletion of T-cells.
4. Indication:  For prevention of renal transplant rejection
