DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Fenspiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Reserpine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in the roots of Rauwolfia serpentina and R. vomitoria. Reserpine inhibits the uptake of norepinephrine into storage vesicles resulting in depletion of catecholamines and serotonin from central and peripheral axon terminals. It has been used as an antihypertensive and an antipsychotic as well as a research tool, but its adverse effects limit its clinical use. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Foe the treatment of hypertension
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  SRT501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRT501 is a small molecule develped for the treatment of metabolic diseases like diabetes and obesity. It is the first small molecule, designed to target SIRT1, to enter the clinic.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lobeline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid that has actions similar to nicotine on nicotinic cholinergic receptors but is less potent. It has been proposed for a variety of therapeutic uses including in respiratory disorders, peripheral vascular disorders, insomnia, and smoking cessation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlorphentermine
2. Groups:  Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent that was formerly used as an anorectic. It has properties similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been implicated in lipid storage disorders and pulmonary hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1223)
4. Indication:  Used as an appetite suppressant.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Laronidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Seratrodast
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Seratrodast (INN) is a thromboxane receptor antagonist used primarily in the treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Phentermine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A central nervous system stimulant and sympathomimetic with actions and uses similar to those of dextroamphetamine. It has been used most frequently in the treatment of obesity. [PubChem]. Some common brand names for phentermine are Adipex-P® and Suprenza™. Phentermine is also available in combination medications such as Qsymia®.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Isocarboxazid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isocarboxazid has the formula 1-benzyl-2-(5-methyl-3-isoxazolylcarbonyl)hydrazine-isocarboxazid. It is a monoamine oxidase inhibitor.[2] It is used in the treatment of major depression, dysthymic disorder, atypical disorder, panic disorder and the phobic disorders.[4] It was first introduced by Roche pharmaceuticals, further developed by Validus pharms Inc and first FDA approved as a prescription drug on July 1st, 1959.
4. Indication:  Isocarboxazid is indicated for the treatment of the enduring and debilitating symptoms of depression that have not responded to other antidepressant drugs.[7] Depression is a common but serious mood disorder. The patient will present changes in its feelings, thoughts, and ability to handle everyday activities. For a mood disorder to be considered as depression, the symptoms should be present for at least two weeks.[8]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Fenethylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hexoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexoprenaline is a stimulant of beta 2 adrenergic receptors. It is used as a bronchodilator, antiasthmatic, and tocolytic agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tulobuterol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tulobuterol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Benzphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A sympathomimetic agent with properties similar to dextroamphetamine. It is used in the treatment of obesity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1222)
4. Indication:  For the management of exogenous obesity as a short term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Lisdexamfetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lisdexamfetamine (L-lysine-d-amphetamine) is a prodrug of the psychostimulant d-amphetamine coupled with the essential amino acid L-lysine. It was developed so that the amphetamine psychostimulant is released and activated more slowly as the prodrug molecule is hydrolyzed consequently cleaving off the amino acid-during the first pass through the intestines and/or the liver. Amphetamines target the trace amine-associated receptor 1 (TAAR1). Amphetamine is also believed to exert its effects by binding to the monoamine transporters (the dopamine transporter or DAT) and increasing extracellular levels of the biogenic amines dopamine, norepinephrine (noradrenaline) and serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) in pediatric populations aged 6 to 12 years.
