DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Barbexaclone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital. While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties. These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials. Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.
4. Indication:  Created for the treatment for epilepsy, with the intent of creating an antiepileptic with less sedative properties than phenobarbital. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Baricitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Baricitinib is a selective and reversible Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and 2 (JAK2) inhibitor. Janus kinases belong to the tyrosine protein kinase family and play an important role in the proinflammatory pathway signalling that is frequently over-activated in autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis. By blocking the actions of JAK1/2, baricitinib disrupts the activation of downstream signalling molecules and proinflammatory mediators. Rheumatoid arthritis is a progressive autoimmune disease commonly associated with discomfort, diasability, and joint damage. Throughout disease progression, the disease may further lead to joint erosions and deformities, causing premature mortality, functional impairment, and reduced quality of life [3]. While there are several disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) available for treatment, patients often experience inadequate threapeutic resposes to these drugs. In animal models of inflammatory arthritis, baricitinib was shown to have significant anti-inflammatory effects, but also led to preservation of cartilage and bone, with no detectable suppression of humoral immunity or adverse hematologic effects [1].In February 2017, Baricitinib was approved for use in the EU as a second-line oral therapy for moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults, either alone or in combination with methotrexate. It is marketed under the trade name Olumiant.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs as monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mephenytoin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants. It is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  AZD0947
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AZD0947 is a K+ channel opener, which was under investigation by AstraZeneca for the treatment of overactive bladder. As of March 2003, the drug was in phase II trials; however, as of October 2004, it no longer appeared on the company’s development pipeline.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fosphenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fosphenytoin is a water-soluble phenytoin prodrug used only in hospitals for the treatment of epileptic seizures. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Its main mechanism is to block frequency-dependent, use-dependent and voltage-dependent neuronal sodium channels, and therefore limit repetitive firing of action potentials.
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized convulsive status epilepticus and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during neurosurgery. It can also be substituted, short-term, for oral phenytoin.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Mitotane
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of the insecticide dichlorodiphenyldichloroethane that specifically inhibits cells of the adrenal cortex and their production of hormones. It is used to treat adrenocortical tumors and causes CNS damage, but no bone marrow depression. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of inoperable adrenocortical tumours; Cushing's syndrome
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  CX717
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  CX717 is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory.
4. Indication:  April 18 2007 Cortex Pharmaceuticals submitted two large data packages to the FDA regarding CX717. One data set went to the FDA's Division of Neurology Drug Products for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, while the other went to the Division of Psychiatry Products where the company intends to file a second CX717 IND for the treatment of ADHD. The submitted data package provides clear evidence that the specific histopathological changes seen in animal toxicology studies, which previously caused the FDA to put CX717 on clinical hold, is a postmortem fixation artifact and is not found in the tissue of the animal when it is still living.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sulbutiamine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Sulbutiamine is a synthetic derivative of thiamine (vitamin B1) under the market name Arcalion that is composed of two modified thiamine molecules to form a dimer. Due to its highly lipophilic property, sulbutiamine crosses the blood-brain barrier more readily than thiamine and increases the levels of thiamine and thiamine phosphate esters in the brain [Wikipedia]. Although its clinical efficacy is not yet defined, sulbutiamine is used to treat asthenia. While its other uses include improvement of erectile dysfunction and reduction of psycho-behavioural inhibition, sulbutiamine showed evidence of modulatory effect on dopaminergic and glutamatergic cortical transmissions. The chronic administration of the drug has demonstrated to improve long term memory formation in mice.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  LY2275796
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LY2275796 is a second-generation antisense anti-cancer drug candidate for clinical development. LY2275796 targets eukaryotic initiation factor- 4E (eIF-4E), a protein involved in the translation of key growth and survival factors that drive tumor progression, angiogenesis and metastases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Prazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Aminopterin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate. 
4. Indication:  Prior to its withdrawal, aminopterin was initially used in the treatment of childhood leukemia; specifically to induce remissions. Later, aminopterin was used off-label in the United States to treat psoriasis, yielding dramatic lesion clearing. Aminopterin was later supplanted by methotrexate for treating cancer because of its better therapeutic index. Aminopterin (as well as methotrexate) has also been explored for use as an abortifacient. However, their association with severe congenital malformations and teratogenic effects have become known as fetal aminopterin syndrome. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  TAFA-93
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAFA93 is a novel prodrug of the mTOR inhibitor rapamycin which has successfully completed Phase 1 clinical development. mTOR inhibitors are currently used in the prevention of organ rejection in transplantation, the treatment of autoimmune and oncological diseases, and as a component of coated stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Trihexyphenidyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the centrally acting muscarinic antagonists used for treatment of parkinsonian disorders and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of parkinson's disease and extrapyramidal reactions caused by drugs.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Letermovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letermovir recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients [6]. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors [3]. Letermovir has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis [6].
4. Indication:  For use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cinolazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Cinolazepam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety or anxiety associated with depressive symptoms.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dronabinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A psychoactive compound extracted from the resin of Cannabis sativa (marihuana, hashish). The isomer delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) is considered the most active form, producing characteristic mood and perceptual changes associated with this compound. Dronabinol is a synthetic form of delta-9-THC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia associated with weight loss in patients with AIDS, and nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy in patients who have failed to respond adequately to conventional antiemetic treatments
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Donepezil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Donepezil (Aricept), is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease process advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. Donepezil has been tested in other cognitive disorders including Lewy body dementia and Vascular dementia, but it is not currently approved for these indications. Donepezil has also been studied in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, schizophrenia, attention deficit disorder, post-coronary bypass cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment associated with multiple sclerosis, and Down syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ATG003
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG003, a novel anti-angiogenic drug candidate and a formulation of mecamylamine, is currently in clinical development for neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
