DrugId:  1
1. Name:  L-Isoleucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain aliphatic amino acid found in many proteins. It is an isomer of leucine. It is important in hemoglobin synthesis and regulation of blood sugar and energy levels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  The branched-chain amino acids may have antihepatic encephalopathy activity in some. They may also have anticatabolic and antitardive dyskinesia activity.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Acer macrophyllum pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acer macrophyllum pollen is the pollen of the Acer macrophyllum plant. Acer macrophyllum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  L-Leucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to assist in the prevention of the breakdown of muscle proteins that sometimes occur after trauma or severe stress.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acer saccharinum pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acer saccharinum pollen is the pollen of the Acer saccharinum plant. Acer saccharinum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  L-Valine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A branched-chain essential amino acid that has stimulant activity. It promotes muscle growth and tissue repair. It is a precursor in the penicillin biosynthetic pathway. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Promotes mental vigor, muscle coordination, and calm emotions. May also be of use in a minority of patients with hepatic encephalopathy and in some with phenylketonuria.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Acer saccharum pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acer saccharum pollen is the pollen of the Acer saccharum plant. Acer saccharum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Acer rubrum pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acer rubrum pollen is the pollen of the Acer rubrum plant. Acer rubrum pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Platanus hybrida pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Platanus hybrida pollen is the pollen of the Platanus hybrida plant. Platanus hybrida pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chloral hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A hypnotic and sedative used in the treatment of insomnia. The safety margin is too narrow for chloral hydrate to be used as a general anesthetic in humans, but it is commonly used for that purpose in animal experiments. It is no longer considered useful as an anti-anxiety medication.
4. Indication:  Mainly used as a hyponotic in the treatment of insomnia; however, it is only effective as a hypnotic for short-term use. May be used as a routine sedative preoperatively to decrease anxiety and cause sedation and/or sleep with respiration depression or cough reflex. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Guaifenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ipecacuanha
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Ipecacuanha was first discovered in Brazil in the 1600s. It is derived from the plant Cephaelis ipecacuanha and is known to releases 5-hydroxytryptamin to induce nausea and vomiting. Although it is not currently used in clinical practice, ipecacuanha was used to treat flux (dysentery).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Valproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valproic acid, supplied as the sodium salt valproate semisodium or divalproex sodium, is a fatty acid with anticonvulsant properties used in the treatment of epilepsy. The mechanisms of its therapeutic actions are not well understood. It may act by increasing gamma-aminobutyric acid levels in the brain or by altering the properties of voltage dependent sodium channels. Typically supplied in the sodium salt form (CAS number: 76584-70-8). Valproic Acid is also a histone deacetylase inhibitor and is under investigation for treatment of HIV and various cancers.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of seizure disorders, mania, and prophylactic treatment of migraine headache. In epileptics, valproic acid is used to control absence seizures, tonic-clonic seizures (grand mal), complex partial seizures, and the seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lactulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic disaccharide used in the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy. It has also been used in the diagnosis of gastrointestinal disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p887)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of constipation and hepatic encephalopathy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Metoclopramide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2 antagonist that is used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). It is also used in treating nausea and vomiting, and to increase gastric emptying.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Barley malt
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Barley malt allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Orciprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and bronchospasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm, chronic bronchitis, asthma, and emphysema.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Rimantadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of illness caused by various strains of influenza A virus in adults.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Acer negundo pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acer negundo pollen is the pollen of the Acer negundo plant. Acer negundo pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ketotifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cycloheptathiophene blocker of histamine H1 receptors and release of inflammatory mediators. It has been proposed for the treatment of asthma, rhinitis, skin allergies, and anaphylaxis.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an add-on or prophylactic oral medication in the chronic treatment of mild atopic asthmatic children. Also used as self-medication for the temporary relief of itching of the eye due to allergic conjunctivitis (ophthalmic).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hydroxyzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite cetirizine, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of anxiety and tension associated with psychoneurosis and as an adjunct in organic disease states in which anxiety is manifested. Useful in the management of pruritus due to allergic conditions such as chronic urticaria.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Diphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cyproheptadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, cold urticaria, dermatographism, and as therapy for anaphylactic reactions adjunctive to epinephrine.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Oxybutynin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxybutynin is an anticholinergic medication used to relieve urinary and bladder difficulties, including frequent urination and inability to control urination, by decreasing muscle spasms of the bladder. It competitively antagonizes the M1, M2, and M3 subtypes of the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder.
