DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Phenazopyridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic that has been used in urinary tract disorders. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of pain, burning, urgency, frequency, and other discomforts arising from irritation of the lower urinary tract mucosa caused by infection, trauma, surgery, endoscopic procedures, or the passage of sounds or catheters.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Cystine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A covalently linked dimeric nonessential amino acid formed by the oxidation of cysteine. Two molecules of cysteine are joined together by a disulfide bridge to form cystine.
4. Indication:  It has been claimed that L-cysteine has anti-inflammatory properties, that it can protect against various toxins, and that it might be helpful in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. More research will have to be done before L-cysteine can be indicated for any of these conditions. Research to date has mostly been in animal models.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cupric Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cupric chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).
4. Indication:  For use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Meclofenamic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent with antipyretic and antigranulation activities. It also inhibits prostaglandin biosynthesis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain, for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea and for the treatment of idiopathic heavy menstrual blood loss. Also for relief of the signs and symptoms of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  lymphotoxin beta receptor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lymphotoxin beta receptor is a receptor for lymphotoxin.The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) family of receptors. It is expressed on the surface of most cell types, including cells of epithelial and myeloid lineages, but not on T and B lymphocytes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Onercept
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and crohn's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dulanermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dulanermin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Colorectal Cancer, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, and Metastatic Colorectal Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium ferric gluconate complex is an iron replacement product for treatment of iron deficiency anemia. The stable macromolecular complex is negatively charged at alkaline pH with an apparent molecular weight of 289,000 – 440,000 daltons on gel chromatography. It is composed of iron (III) oxide hydrate directly bonded to sucrose with a chelating gluconate function in a molar ratio of two iron molecules to one gluconate. It is used in adult and in pediatric patients over the age of 6 years with chronic kidney disease (CKD) receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
4. Indication:  Used to replete the total body content of iron during iron deficiency anemia in patients age 6 years and older with chronic kidney disease receiving hemodialysis and receiving supplemental epoetin therapy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lexatumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexatumumab is a fully humanized, high-affinity immunoglobulin G(1 lambda) monoclonal antibody (mAb).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Denibulin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Denibulin is a novel small molecule Vascular Disrupting Agent under development by MediciNova for treatment of solid tumor cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Doxofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxofylline is a methylxanthine derivative with the presence of a dioxolane group in position 7. As a drug used in the treatment of asthma, doxofylline has shown similar efficacy to theophylline but with significantly fewer side effects in animal and human studies. Unlike other xanthines, doxofylline lacks any significant affinity for adenosine A1 or A2 receptors and does not produce stimulant effects. Decreased affinity for adenosine receptors may account for the better safety profile of doxofylline compared to theophylline [7]. Unlike theophylline, doxofylline does not affect calcium influx and does not antagonize the actions of calcium channel blockers which could explain reduced cardiac adverse reactions associated with the drug [5]. The anti-asthmatic effects of doxophylline are mediated by other mechanisms, primarily through inhibiting the activities of the phosphodiesterase (PDE) enzyme.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), bronchial asthma and pulmonary disease with spastic bronchial component.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Diflunisal
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its mechanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation and in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. musculoskeletal trauma, post-dental extraction, post-episiotomy), osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Filanesib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Filanesib is a potent Kinesin Spindle Protein (KSP) inhibitor that caused marked tumor regression in preclinical models of human solid tumors and human leukemias, often leading to durable responses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  HGS-TR2J
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HGS-TR2J is a novel agonistic human monoclonal antibody to TRAIL Receptor 2, in patients with advanced solid malignancies. It is developed by Human Genome Sciences, Inc and is under Phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Polaprezinc
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polaprezinc is a chelated form of zinc and L-carnosine. It is a zinc-related medicine approved for the first time in Japan, which has been clinically used to treat gastric ulcers [5]. It was determined that polaprezinc may be effective in pressure ulcer treatment [3]. A study in 2013 showed that CO-administration of polaprezinc may be effective against small intestine mucosal injury associated with long-term aspirin therapy [1].
4. Indication:  Peptic ulcer disease, dyspepsia [6].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Etanercept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimeric fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding portion of the human 75 kilodalton (p75) tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) linked to the Fc portion of human IgG1. The Fc component of etanercept contains the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain and hinge region, but not the CH1 domain of IgG1. Etanercept is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 934 amino acids.
4. Indication:  Etanercept is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis in adults and chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. It is also used to manage signs and symptoms of polyarticular idiopathic arthritis in those aged 4 to 17 after insufficient response to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Etanercept is also used to improve psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Abemaciclib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abemaciclib is an antitumor agent and dual inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6) that are involved in the cell cycle and promotion of cancer cell growth in case of unregulated activity. On September 28, 2017, FDA granted approval of abemaciclib treatment under the market name Verzenio for the treatment of HR-positive and HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after unsuccessful endocrine therapy. It is either given alone in patients who has undergone endocrine therapy and chemotherapy after the metastasis of cancer, or in combination with Fulvestrant. Following oral treatment in patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer, abemaciclib demonstrated increased progression-free survival rates and objective response rates. Abemaciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of melanoma, lymphoma, neoplasm, solid tumor, and glioblastoma.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of women with hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy. Inidicated as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy and prior chemotherapy in the metastatic setting. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  AME-527
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AME-527 is a humanized monoclonal antibody that recognizes human TNF-alpha (hTNF-alpha) with high affinity and specificity. AME-527 was generated by protein engineering and identified from a library of antibody variants based on its improved binding properties. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bardoxolone methyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Adalimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adalimumab is a human monoclonal antibody against TNF-alpha. It is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 1330 amino acids and has a molecular weight of approximately 148 kilodaltons [3].
4. Indication:  For treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and Crohn's disease.
