DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Midostaurin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Midostaurin (as Rydapt) is a multitarget kinase inhibitor for the treatment for adult patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who have a specific genetic mutation called FLT3. It was initially characterized as a potential broad-spectrum antineoplastic agent, with activity toward diverse solid and hematopoietic tumors [4]. It was approved on April 28, 2017 and has shown to increase the overall survival rate in patients with AML as an adjunct therapy along with chemotherapeutic agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adult patients with high-risk acute myeloid leukemia (AML) who are FLT3 mutation-positive, agressive systemic mastocytosis (ASM), systemic mastocytosis with associated hematological neoplasm (SM-AHN), or mast cell leukemia (MCL). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Nilotinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilotinib, also known as AMN107, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation as a possible treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). In June 2006, a Phase I clinical trial found nilotinib has a relatively favorable safety profile and shows activity in cases of CML resistant to treatment with imatinib (Gleevec®), another tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used as a first-line treatment. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of various leukemias, including chronic myeloid leukemia (CML).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Omeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H+/K+ ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell.
4. Indication:  Omeprazole is indicated for the treatment of duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD, erosive esophagitis, and long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions like Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas, and systemic mastocytosis. 
