DrugId:  1
1. Name:  MEM 1414
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MEM 1414 is a PDE4 inhibitor that is being evaluated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. This drug candidate has completed Phase 1 clinical trials. MEM 1414 works by blocking phosphodiesterase, an enzyme that breaks down an important brain chemical, cyclic AMP. It appears to work in the area of the brain where new memories are formed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, depression, memory loss, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  NGX267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NGX267 is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  DAS-431 IV
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, dementia, parkinson's disease, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and strokes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  VP025
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  CX516
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, memory loss, autism, neurologic disorders, dementia, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PRX-07034
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, obesity, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  SGS-742
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS-742 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Seizures and Metabolic Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), memory loss, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ginkgo biloba
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The extract of the Ginkgo leaves contains flavonoid glycosides and terpenoids (ginkgolides, bilobalides) and has been used pharmaceutically for hundreds of years. It has many alleged nootropic properties, and is mainly used as memory and concentration enhancer, and anti-vertigo agent. Ginkgo extract seems to have three effects on the human body: it improves blood flow (including microcirculation in small capillaries) to most tissues and organs; it protects against oxidative cell damage from free radicals; and it blocks many of the effects of PAF (platelet aggregation, blood clotting) that have been related to the development of a number of cardiovascular, renal, respiratory and CNS (Central Nervous System) disorders.
4. Indication:  Appears to be effective in: alleviating age-related memory impairment in some elderly people with mild to moderate age-related memory or cognitive impairment; improving cognitive function in healthy young to middle-aged people; improving symptoms of Alzheimer's, vascular or mixed dementia; improving damage to the visual field in patients with normal tension glaucoma; decreasing the number of painful attacks in patients with Raynaud's syndrome; and may improve symptoms of vertigo and dizziness in some patients. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pagoclone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pagoclone is an anxiolytic drug from the cyclopyrrolone family, which is related to other more well known drugs such as the sleeping medication zopiclone. It is one of a relatively recently developed class of medicines known as the nonbenzodiazepines, which have similar effects to the older benzodiazepine group, but with quite different chemical structures.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of panic and anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  GTS-21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTS-21 (also known as DMBX-A), is a novel, small-molecule, orally active and selective alpha-7 nicotinic acetylcholine (nACh) receptor agonist that has demonstrated memory and cognition enhancement activity in human clinical trials. Athenagen licensed the exclusive rights to the compound and a related library of analogs as part of the acquisition of Osprey Pharmaceutical Company in April 2006. GTS-21 has been studied in multiple Phase I studies in healthy volunteers and one Phase I/II study in schizophrenic patients. In all studies, the compound was well tolerated. In a Phase I multi-dose, double-blind, placebo controlled study in healthy adults, GTS-21 also demonstrated cognitive enhancement across all doses, with a statistically significant improvement in attention related and memory related tasks (Kitagawa, et al. Neuropsychopharmacology (2003), 28, 542-551). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Halazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a trifluoromethyl derivative of nordazepam. While its structure may be similar to chlordiazepoxide and diazepam, it has both less toxicity and less tendency to cause paradoxical hostility and aggression than either of them. Halazepam is no longer marketed in the United States, and was withdrawn by Schering-Plough due to poor sales. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to relieve anxiety, nervousness, and tension associated with anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Alprazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A triazolobenzodiazepine compound with antianxiety and sedative-hypnotic actions, that is efficacious in the treatment of panic disorders, with or without agoraphobia, and in generalized anxiety disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p238)
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorder or the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety and for the treatment of panic disorder, with or without agoraphobia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Galantamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzazepine derived from norbelladine. It is found in galanthus and other amaryllidaceae. Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to reverse the muscular effects of gallamine triethiodide and tubocurarine, and has been studied as a treatment for Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system disorders.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type. Has also been investigated in patients with mild cognitive impairment who did not meet the diagnostic criteria for Alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tacrine
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centerally active cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to counter the effects of muscle relaxants, as a respiratory stimulant, and in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system disorders. Tacrine has been discontinued for the United States market.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Clorazepate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A water-soluble benzodiazepine derivative effective in the treatment of anxiety. It has also muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant actions. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety. Also used as adjunctive therapy in the management of partial seizures and for the symptomatic relief of acute alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Diazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic properties and a long duration of action. Its actions are mediated by enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid activity. It is used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p589)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CX717
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  CX717 is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory.
4. Indication:  April 18 2007 Cortex Pharmaceuticals submitted two large data packages to the FDA regarding CX717. One data set went to the FDA's Division of Neurology Drug Products for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, while the other went to the Division of Psychiatry Products where the company intends to file a second CX717 IND for the treatment of ADHD. The submitted data package provides clear evidence that the specific histopathological changes seen in animal toxicology studies, which previously caused the FDA to put CX717 on clinical hold, is a postmortem fixation artifact and is not found in the tissue of the animal when it is still living.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  anle138b
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  anle138b restores hippocampal synaptic and transcriptional plasticity as well as spatial memory in a mouse model for Alzheimer's disease, when given orally before or after the onset of pathology. [2]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Caprospinol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Caprospinol (SP-233) is the first drug ever to demonstrate the correlation of clearing beta-amyloid from the brain. It also improves the brain histopathology and recovers memory function.
4. Indication:  Alzheimer's Disease
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  CERE-110
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CERE-110 is a gene-therapy product that involves in vivo delivery of nerve growth factor (NGF) genes through an adeno-associated viral vector (AAV) delivery system. This drug is developed by Ceregene and currently under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and gene therapy.
