DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sulfacytine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfacytine is a short-acting sulfonamide. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of p-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections.Sulfacytine is a competitive inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. It inhibits bacterial synthesis of of dihydrofolic acid by preventing the condensation of the pteridine with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
4. Indication:  Used orally in the treatment of acute urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mafosfamide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mafosfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Leukemia, Meningeal Neoplasm, and Brain and Central Nervous System Tumors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sulfametopyrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Long-acting plasma-bound sulfonamide used for respiratory and urinary tract infections and also for malaria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulfamethizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfathiazole antibacterial agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  One of the short-acting sulfonamides used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatic fever and meningococcal meningitis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Sulfapyridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial, potentially toxic, and previously used to treat certain skin diseases. No longer prescribed. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis, benign mucous membrane pemphigoid and pyoderma gangrenosum
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sulfoxone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfoxone is a water-soluble sulfone used as an antileprosy drug. It has been used with limited success in the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of leprosy and dermatitis herpetiformis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Sulfamoxole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfamoxole is a sulfonamide antibacterial.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sulfisoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cytarabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrimidine nucleoside analog that is used mainly in the treatment of leukemia, especially acute non-lymphoblastic leukemia. Cytarabine is an antimetabolite antineoplastic agent that inhibits the synthesis of DNA. Its actions are specific for the S phase of the cell cycle. It also has antiviral and immunosuppressant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p472)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute non-lymphocytic leukemia, acute lymphocytic leukemia and blast phase of chronic myelocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Methotrexate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic antimetabolite with immunosuppressant properties. It is an inhibitor of tetrahydrofolate dehydrogenase and prevents the formation of tetrahydrofolate, necessary for synthesis of thymidylate, an essential component of DNA.
4. Indication:  Methotrexate is indicated in the treatment of gestational choriocarcinoma, chorioadenoma destruens and hydatidiform mole. In acute lymphocytic leukemia, methotrexate is indicated in the prophylaxis of meningeal leukemia and is used in maintenance therapy in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents. Methotrexate is also indicated in the treatment of meningeal leukemia. Methotrexate is used alone or in combination with other anticancer agents in the treatment of breast cancer, epidermoid cancers of the head and neck, advanced mycosis fungoides (cutaneous T cell lymphoma), and lung cancer, particularly squamous cell and small cell types. Methotrexate is also used in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in the treatment of advanced stage non-Hodgkin’s lymphomas. Methotrexate is indicated in the symptomatic control of severe, recalcitrant, disabling psoriasis. Methotrexate is indicated in the management of selected adults with severe, active rheumatoid arthritis (ACR criteria), or children with active polyarticular-course juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Naratriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Naratriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sulfanilamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vulvovaginitis caused by Candida albicans.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Frovatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches, in particular those associated with menstruation. Frovatriptan causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins that supply blood to the head.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Sulfacetamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-infective agent that is used topically to treat skin infections and orally for urinary tract infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial vaginitis, keratitis, acute conjunctivitis, and blepharitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A vasoconstrictor found in ergot of Central Europe. It is an alpha-1 selective adrenergic agonist and is commonly used in the treatment of migraine disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as therapy to abort or prevent vascular headache, e.g., migraine, migraine variants, or so called "histaminic cephalalgia".
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Rizatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rizatriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Calcium gluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Calcium gluconate is a mineral supplement and medication. Supplementation is generally only required when there is not enough calcium in the diet. Supplementation may be done to treat or prevent osteoporosis or rickets. It can also be taken by mouth but is not recommended by injection into a muscle.Calcium Gluconate Injection, USP is a sterile, nonpyrogenic supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate for intravenous use only. Each mL contains: Calcium gluconate 94 mg; calcium saccharate (tetrahydrate) 4.5 mg; water for injection q.s. Hydrochloric acid and/or sodium hydroxide may have been added for pH adjustment (6.0 to 8.2). Calcium saccharate provides 6% of the total calcium and stabilizes the supersaturated solution of calcium gluconate.Each 10 mL of the injection provides 93 mg elemental calcium (Ca++) equivalent to 1 g of calcium gluconate.
4. Indication:  Oral calcium salts are used as dietary supplemental therapy for person who may not get enough calcium in their regular diet. Calcium gluconate is used as a cardioprotective agent in high blood potassium. Calcium gluconate is the antidote for magnesium sulfate toxicity.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Erythromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus). It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 50S ribosomal subunits; binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. Erythromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms in the following diseases: respiratory tract infections (upper and lower) of mild to moderate degree, pertussis (whooping cough), as adjunct to antitoxin in infections due to Corynebacterium diphtheriae, in the treatment of infections due to Corynebacterium minutissimum, intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica, acute pelvic inflammatory disease caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae, skin and soft tissue infections of mild to moderate severity caused by Streptococcus pyogenes and Staphylococcus aureus, primary syphilis caused by Treponema pallidum, infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis, nongonococcal urethritis caused by Ureaplasma urealyticum, and Legionnaires' disease caused by Legionella pneumophila.
