DrugId:  1
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sulprostone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sulprostone has been used in trials studying Abortion, Induced.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chlorotrianisene
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A powerful synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat symptoms of menopause, deficiencies in ovary function (including underdevelopment of female sexual characteristics and some types of infertility), and in rare cases, prostate cancer. Chlorotrianisene may also be used to prevent breast engorgement following childbirth.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Equilin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of four double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of euilin is found in the urine of pregnant mares. [PubChem]Equilin is one of the estrogens present in the mixture of estrogens isolated from horse urine and marketed as Premarin. Premarin became the most commonly used form of estrogen for hormone replacement therapy in the United States of America. Estrone is the major estrogen in Premarin (about 50%) and equilin is present as about 25% of the total. Estrone is a major estrogen that is normally found in women. Equilin is not normally present in women, so there has been interest in the effects of equilin on the human body. [Wikipedia]The estrogens in Premarin are present mainly as "conjugates", modified chemical forms in which the active estrogen is coupled to another chemical group such as sulfate. Estrone sulfate is usually the major form of estrogen in women. After being taken into a woman's body, the conjugated estrogens of Premarin are converted to the active unconjugated estrogens or excreted from the woman's body. Estrone can be converted to estradiol, which is thought to be the major active estrogen in women. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, atrophic vaginitis, osteoporosis, hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, primary ovarian failure, breast cancer (for palliation only), and Advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only)
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alverine is a smooth muscle relaxant. Smooth muscle is a type of muscle that is not under voluntary control; it is the muscle present in places such as the gut and uterus. Alverine acts directly on the muscle in the gut, causing it to relax. This prevents the muscle spasms which occur in the gut in conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome and diverticular disease. It is used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine is formulated as the citrate salt (5982-87-6).
4. Indication:  Used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach and intestines. It is also useful in treating irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and similar conditions. It can also be used to help relieve period pain. Alverine citrate is also under investigation to increase the cytotoxic effects of the proteasome inhibitor MG132 on breast cancer cells. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NGX267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NGX267 is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Butriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which has been used in Europe since 1974. It is the isobutyl side chain homologue of amitriptyline.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tranexamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with hemophilia for short term use (two to eight days) to reduce or prevent hemorrhage and reduce the need for replacement therapy during and following tooth extraction. It can also be used for excessive bleeding in menstruation, surgery, or trauma cases.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  N,N,N-trimethylglycinium
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A naturally occurring compound that has been of interest for its role in osmoregulation. As a drug, betaine hydrochloride has been used as a source of hydrochloric acid in the treatment of hypochlorhydria. Betaine has also been used in the treatment of liver disorders, for hyperkalemia, for homocystinuria, and for gastrointestinal disturbances. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1341)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ACR-16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR-16 is under investigation by NeuroSearch. ACR16 has been successfully investigated in a Phase II multi-centre, randomised and placebo-controlled trial in patients with Huntington’s disease as well as in three Phase Ib studies within Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and schizophrenia respectively. ACR-16 is a dopamine stabilizer. ACR-16 is also being studied in other psychiatric and neurologic diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in huntington's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Acipimox
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acipimox is a niacin derivative used as a hypolipidemic agent. It is used in low doses and may have less marked adverse effects, although it is unclear whether the recommended dose is as effective as are standard doses of nicotinic acid. Acipimox inhibits the production of triglycerides by the liver and the secretion of VLDL, which leads indirectly to a modest reduction in LDL and increase in HDL. Long-term administration is associated with reduced mortality, but unwanted effects limit its clinical use. Adverse effects include flushing (associated with Prostaglandin D2), palpitations, and GI disturbances. Flushing can be reduced by taking aspirin 20-30 min before taking Acipimox. High doses can cause disorders of liver function, impair glucose tolerance and precipitate gout.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of hyperlipidemias (abnormally elevated levels of any or all lipids and/or lipoproteins in the blood).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Bentiromide
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bentiromide is a peptide used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy. It is given by mouth as a noninvasive test. The amount of 4-aminobenzoic acid and its metabolites excreted in the urine is taken as a measure of the chymotrypsin-secreting activity of the pancreas. Headache and gastrointestinal disturbances have been reported in patients taking bentiromide. Bentiromide is not available in the U.S. or Canada (It was withdrawn in the US in October 1996).
4. Indication:  Used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Biperiden
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist that has effects in both the central and peripheral nervous systems. It has been used in the treatment of arteriosclerotic, idiopathic, and postencephalitic parkinsonism. It has also been used to alleviate extrapyramidal symptoms induced by phenothiazine derivatives and reserpine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and control of extrapyramidal disorders secondary to neuroleptic drug therapy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Mifepristone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A progestational and glucocorticoid hormone antagonist. Its inhibition of progesterone induces bleeding during the luteal phase and in early pregnancy by releasing endogenous prostaglandins from the endometrium or decidua. As a glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, the drug has been used to treat hypercortisolism in patients with nonpituitary cushing syndrome [PubChem]. The two marketed forms of mifepristone are Mifeprex® (mifepristone 200mg) and Korlym™ (mifepristone 300mg). Currently under investigation for use in psychotic depression (phase 3 trials). 
4. Indication:  For the medical termination of intrauterine pregnancy through 49 days' pregnancy. Also indicated to control hyperglycemia secondary to hypercortisolism in adult patients with endogenous Cushing's syndrome who have type 2 diabetes mellitus or glucose intolerance and are not candidates for surgery or have had unsuccessful surgery.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Norgestimate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Norgestimate is a form of progesterone, which is a female hormone important for the regulation of ovulation and menstruation. Norgestimate is used with estradiol to treat the symptoms of menopause.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of pregnancy
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fomepizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.
4. Indication:  Antizol is indicated as an antidote for ethylene glycol (such as antifreeze) or methanol poisoning, or for use in suspected ethylene glycol or methanol ingestion, either alone or in combination with hemodialysis
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Deferiprone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deferiprone is an oral iron chelator used as a second line agent in thalassemia syndromes when iron overload from blood transfusions occurs. Thalassemias are a type of hereditary anaemia due a defect in the production of hemoglobin. As a result, erythropoiesis, the production of new red blood cells, is impaired. FDA approved on October 14, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Deferiprone is indicated in thalassemia syndromes when first line chelation agents are not adequate to treat transfusional iron overload.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pinaverium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [1] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [5]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and relief of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) associated with abdominal pain, bowel disturbances and intestinal discomfort, as well as the treatment of symptoms related to functional disorders of the biliary tract. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Frovatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches, in particular those associated with menstruation. Frovatriptan causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins that supply blood to the head.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
