DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Oxamniquine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)
4. Indication:  For treatment of Schistosomiasis caused by Schistosoma mansoni
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rosuvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rosuvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reducuase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Rosuvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to treat primary hyperlipidemia (heterozygous familial and nonfamilial), mixed dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Also indicated for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering therapies or when other such therapies are not available. Furthermore, it is used to slow the progression of atherosclerosis and for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. 
