DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Blisibimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Blisibimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of IgA Nephropathy, Microscopic Polyangiitis, Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, and Granulomatosis With Polyangiitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rose bengal
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Rose bengal, or 4,5,6,7-tetrachloro-2',4',5',7'-tetraiodofluorescein, is a pink stain derived as an analogue of fluorescein. Its disodium salt in ophthalmic solutions has been used as a diagnostic agent in suspected damage to conjunctival and corneal cells. It is also used in laboratory settings, including the preparation of Foraminifera for microscopic analysis and suppression of bacterial growth in several microbiological media. A direct cytotoxic effect of Rose bengal on microorganisms and cancer cells has been observed [1], questioning its potential antitumor actions via intralesional injections. The clinical applications of rose bengal as injectable formulation under the name PV-10 in melanoma, breast cancer and skin conditions such as eczema and psoriasis are being investigated in clinical trials [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in routine ocular examinations or when superficial conjunctiva or corneal tissue change is suspected, and as an aid in the diagnosis of keratoconjunctivitis sicca, keratitis, abrasions or corrosions as well as the detection of foreign bodies.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Canfosfamide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Canfosfamide is an active agent in chemotherapy-resistant ovarian cancer.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of various forms of cancer.
