DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ginkgo biloba
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The extract of the Ginkgo leaves contains flavonoid glycosides and terpenoids (ginkgolides, bilobalides) and has been used pharmaceutically for hundreds of years. It has many alleged nootropic properties, and is mainly used as memory and concentration enhancer, and anti-vertigo agent. Ginkgo extract seems to have three effects on the human body: it improves blood flow (including microcirculation in small capillaries) to most tissues and organs; it protects against oxidative cell damage from free radicals; and it blocks many of the effects of PAF (platelet aggregation, blood clotting) that have been related to the development of a number of cardiovascular, renal, respiratory and CNS (Central Nervous System) disorders.
4. Indication:  Appears to be effective in: alleviating age-related memory impairment in some elderly people with mild to moderate age-related memory or cognitive impairment; improving cognitive function in healthy young to middle-aged people; improving symptoms of Alzheimer's, vascular or mixed dementia; improving damage to the visual field in patients with normal tension glaucoma; decreasing the number of painful attacks in patients with Raynaud's syndrome; and may improve symptoms of vertigo and dizziness in some patients. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Somatrem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 1985 somatrem (methionyl-growth hormone) became the first recombinant growth hormone product to be marketed commercially (Protropin by Genentech) [3]. The agent has the same amino acid sequence as human growth hormone except for an extra methionine at the end of the sequence chain to facilitate its manufacturing process [3].Although the first commercially marketed recombinant growth hormone product Protropin was discontinued in 2004 owing to a relative explosion in brand and generic based releases of competing companies' own recombinant growth hormone products and the ensuing competition in product price over the years, many companies now produce and sell various approved formulations of methionyl-growth hormone, including Genetech's own current Nutropin product [3].Despite the ability of almost all contemporary recombinant growth hormones to cause definite and demonstrable increases in growth rate in patients who are administered the drug, the use of these agents continues to be mired in persistent bioethical debate [1]. Such discussion revolves around whether patients' natural disposition of short stature should be considered a medical condition justifying medical treatment with such hormone therapy - especially when these hormone agents have been proven effective at increasing the height of children with or without growth hormone deficiency [1].
4. Indication:  Somatrem is a recombinant human growth hormone indicated for: (a) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to growth hormone deficiency (GHD), (b) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to idiopathic short stature (ISS), (c) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to Turner syndrome (TS), (d) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) up to the time of renal transplantation, (e) treatment of adults with childhood-onset GHD, or (f) treatment of adults with adult-onset GHD [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mercuric chloride
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercury chloride (HgCl2). A highly toxic compound that volatizes slightly at ordinary temperature and appreciably at 100 degrees C. It is corrosive to mucous membranes and used as a topical antiseptic and disinfectant. Mercuric chloride was used to disinfect wounds by Arab physicians in the Middle Ages. It continued to be used by Arab doctors into the twentieth century, until modern medicine deemed it unsafe for use. [1]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  2-deoxyglucose
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  2-deoxyglucose is predominantly used as a diagnostic agent in its radiolabelled form (fluorine-18 is used as the radiolabel). By using positron emission tomography (PET), radiolabelled 2-deoxyglucose can determine glucose metabolism, which is altered in diseases such as cardiovascular disease, tumors, and Alzheimer's disease. Therapeutically, 2-deoxyglucose is an investigational drug that is being studied as an anticancer and antiviral agent. Concerning the former, 2- deoxyglucose was used as an adjunct to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the treatment of solid tumors (lung, breast, pancreas, head, neck, and gastric tumors). The exact mechanisms of action of 2-deoxyglucose is still being investigated, but it is known that in hypoxic cancer cells, 2-deoxyglucose is a glycolysis inhibitor that prevents ATP production and, ultimately, cell survival. With respect to antiviral therapy, 2-deoxyglucose was shown to be effective against herpes simplex virus by affecting the virus' ability to penetrate cells. As an experimental drug, 2-deoxyglucose was demonstrated to work as an anticonvulsant in temporal lobe epilepsy. In this condition, 2-deoxyglucose represses the expression of certain proteins that are at high levels after a seizure. Although there are several possible therapeutic indications for 2-deoxyglucose, presently there is no approved indication for 2-deoxyglucose as a therapeutic agent.
4. Indication:  As of July 2013, there is no approved therapeutic indication for 2-deoxyglucose. 2-deoxyglucose may have several potential indications as an adjunct to chemotherapy and radiotherapy in the treatment of solid tumors, as an antiviral treatment in herpes simplex patients, and as an antiepileptic in temporal lobe epilepsy patients.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Corticorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Xylitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. Xylitol-rich plant materials include birch and beechwood [1]. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. The effects of xylitol on dental caries have been widely studied, and xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth. Xylitol is a non-fermentable sugar alcohol by most plaque bacteria, indicating that it cannot be fermented into cariogenic acid end-products [4]. It works by inhibiting the growth of the microorganisms present in plaque and saliva after it accummulates intracellularly into the microorganism [4]. The recommended dose of xylitol for dental caries prevention is 6–10 g/day, and most adults can tolerate 40 g/day without adverse events [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a sugar substitute, and oral hygiene active ingredient. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sermorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sermorelin acetate is the acetate salt of an amidated synthetic 29-amino acid peptide (GRF 1-29 NH 2 ) that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH or GRF) consisting of 44 amino acid residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dwarfism, prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pegvisomant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly. Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.
4. Indication:  Pegvisomant is a growth hormone receptor antagonist used for the treatment of acromegaly.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Somatotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli
4. Indication:  For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Glucagon-like peptide II
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glucagon-like peptide II is under investigation for the basic science of Short Bowel Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  DDP733
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Hepatitis A Vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Two types of HAV vaccines are currently available internationally:1. Formaldehyde-inactivated vaccines: Inactivated HAV vaccines are used in most countries. Monovalent inactivated HAV vaccines are available in paediatric dose (0.5 ml) for children aged 1 year to 15 years, and in adult dose (1 ml).2. Live attenuated vaccines (based on H2 or LA-1 HAV strains): These vaccines are manufactured and used mainly in China and India. Inactivated hepatitis A vaccines are safe and highly effective. Traditionally, a two-dose schedule is recommended, particularly in travellers at substantial risk of contracting hepatitis A and in immunocompromised individuals. However, in healthy individuals, comparable effectiveness has been achieved with a single dose. The Chinese live attenuated hepatitis A vaccines have been shown to be safe and highly protective (95%) against clinical infection for at least 3 years.Among the adverse effects from Hepatitis A vaccine injection are fatigue, fever > 99.5°F (37.5°C), induration, redness, and swelling of the injection site and malaise. Anorexia and nausea could be possible side effects.
4. Indication:  Hepatitis A vaccine is indicated for active immunization against disease caused by hepatitis A virus (HAV). It is approved for use in persons 12 months of age and older. Primary immunization should be administered at least 2 weeks prior to expected exposure to HAV.HAVRIX® will not prevent hepatitis infection caused by other agents such as hepatitis B virus, hepatitis C virus, hepatitis E virus or other pathogens known to infect the liver.In areas of low to intermediate prevalence of hepatitis A, immunization with HAVRIX® is particularly recommended in subjects who are, or will be, at increased risk of infection such as:* Travelers: Persons traveling to areas where the prevalence of hepatitis A is high. These areas include Africa, Asia, the Mediterranean basin, the Middle East, Central and South America.Armed Forces: Armed Forces personnel who travel to higher endemicity areas or to areas where hygiene is poor have an increased risk of HAV infection. Active immunization is indicated for these individuals.Persons for whom Hepatitis A is an Occupational Hazard: These include employees in day-care centres, nursing, medical and paramedical personnel in hospitals and institutions, especially gastroenterology and pediatric units, sewage workers, and food handlers, among others.Persons for whom there is an Increased Risk of Transmission of Hepatitis A: e.g. homosexuals, persons with multiple sexual partners, abusers of injectable drugs, hemophiliac patients.Contacts of Infected Persons: Since virus shedding of infected persons may occur for a prolonged period, active immunization of close contacts is recommended.Specific Population Groups known to have Higher Incidence of Hepatitis A: e.g. North American Indians, Inuits, recognized community-wide HAV epidemics.Subjects with chronic liver disease or who are at risk of developing chronic liver disease e.g. Hepatitis B (HB) and Hepatitis C (HC) chronic carriers and alcohol abusers.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  LX1031
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX1031 is an orally-dosed drug candidate for irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. LX1031 was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists, and its target was internally identified as a key control point for the regulation of peripheral serotonin levels. LX1031 is designed to act locally in the gastrointestinal tract by reducing the serotonin available for receptor activation, without affecting serotonin levels in the brain or its central nervous system functions.
4. Indication:  Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and other gastrointestinal disorders
