DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Almotriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Almotriptan is a triptan drug for the treatment of migraine headaches. Almotriptan is in a class of medications called selective serotonin receptor agonists. It works by narrowing blood vessels in the brain, stopping pain signals from being sent to the brain, and stopping the release of certain natural substances that cause pain, nausea, and other symptoms of migraine. Almotriptan does not prevent migraine attacks.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute migraine headache in adults
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dihydroergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ergotamine. It is used as a vasoconstrictor, specifically for the therapy of migraine disorders.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura and the acute treatment of cluster headache episodes.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Naratriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Naratriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Frovatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches, in particular those associated with menstruation. Frovatriptan causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins that supply blood to the head.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Rizatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rizatriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sumatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A serotonin agonist that acts selectively at 5HT1 receptors. It is used in the treatment of migraine disorders. A transdermal patch version of sumatriptan is currently in phase I trials in the U.S. under the code name NP101 (NuPathe).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Olcegepant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals’ olcegepant (BIBN 4096) is a selective Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) antagonist, a new class of drugs in development for the treatment of acute migraine attacks. Olcegepant is undergoing phase II trials in Europe and the US, with preliminary results suggesting that CGRP antagonists may represent a potential new approach to the treatment of migraine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine headaches.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  NXN-188
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NXN-188 is a first-in-class, dual-action small molecule incorporating both neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) inhibition and 5-HT agonism that is being developed for the treatment of acute migraine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Caffeine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine naturally occurring in some beverages and also used as a pharmacological agent. Caffeine's most notable pharmacological effect is as a central nervous system stimulant, increasing alertness and producing agitation. It also relaxes smooth muscle, stimulates cardiac muscle, stimulates diuresis, and appears to be useful in the treatment of some types of headache. Several cellular actions of caffeine have been observed, but it is not entirely clear how each contributes to its pharmacological profile. Among the most important are inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases, antagonism of adenosine receptors, and modulation of intracellular calcium handling.
4. Indication:  For management of fatigue, orthostatic hypotension, and for the short term treatment of apnea of prematurity in infants.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  DP-VPA
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-VPA is D-Pharm's proprietary lipid modified version of valproic acid (VPA) that demonstrate that DP-VPA is well-tolerated in patients with resistant epilepsy and has a marked effect on reducing seizure frequency.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders, epilepsy, and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A vasoconstrictor found in ergot of Central Europe. It is an alpha-1 selective adrenergic agonist and is commonly used in the treatment of migraine disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as therapy to abort or prevent vascular headache, e.g., migraine, migraine variants, or so called "histaminic cephalalgia".
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Flunarizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Flunarizine is a selective calcium entry blocker with calmodulin binding properties and histamine H1 blocking activity. It is effective in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
4. Indication:  Used in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  CNS-5161
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CNS 5161 is a blocker of the NMDA ion channel and has completed Phase IIa proof of concept clinical trials as a novel compound for the treatment of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in migraine and cluster headaches, neuropathy (diabetic), and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pizotifen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pizotifen is a strong serotonin and tryptamine antagonist, with weak anticholinergic, anti-histaminic and anti-kinin effects. It also possesses sedative and appetite-stimulating properties.Pizotifen hydrochloride is an active ingredient in Sandomigran, which is used for the prophylactic management of migraine. Sandomigran is available in number of countries excluding the United States.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Zolmitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zolmitriptan is a synthetic tryptamine derivative and appears as a white powder that is readily soluble in water. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of adult migraine with or without auras.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Telcagepant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Telcagepant has been investigated for the treatment of Migraine. It is an antagonist of the receptor for calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP), a primary neuropeptide involved in the pathophysiology of migraine. CGRP and its receptors are found in areas of the central and peripheral nervous system that are important for the transmission of migraine pain. During migraine attacks, CGRP activates these receptors and facilitates the transmission of pain impulses.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Isometheptene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
4. Indication:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Propranolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist. Propranolol is used in the treatment or prevention of many disorders including acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, angina pectoris, hypertension, hypertensive emergencies, hyperthyroidism, migraine, pheochromocytoma, menopause, and anxiety. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of migraine.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Belimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Belimumab is an intravenous immunosupressant for the adjunctive treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). More specifically, it is a fully human recombinant IgG1λ monoclonal antibody produced from a recombinant NS0 cell line stably transfected with the belimumab heavy chain and light chain genes. It is the first biological treatment approved for the indication of SLE. Concomitant use with live or inactivated vaccines must be avoided. Belimumab was FDA approved on March 9, 2011. Belimumab consists of 2 heavy chains, and 2 light chains of the lambda subclass. Each heavy chain contains 452 amino acid residues and each light chain contains 214 amino acid residues. There are 3 post-translational modifications: a conserved N-linked glycosylation on the CH2 domain at Asn 303 of the heavy chain, the conversion of the N-terminal glutamine residue of the heavy chain into pyroglutamate, and loss of C-terminal lysine residue of the heavy chain.
4. Indication:  Adjunct treatment for auto-antibody-positive active systemic lupus erythematosus. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
