DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CHGN111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  SRT501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRT501 is a small molecule develped for the treatment of metabolic diseases like diabetes and obesity. It is the first small molecule, designed to target SIRT1, to enter the clinic.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ubidecarenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ubidecarenone, also known as coenzyme Q10, is a 1,4-benzoquinone, where Q refers to the quinone chemical group, and 10 refers to the number of isoprenyl chemical subunits in its tail.[1] It is a powerful antioxidant, a lipid-soluble and essential cofactor in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation.[2] The ubidecarenone is the coenzyme destined for mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in the production of ATP. It is fundamental for cells that have a high metabolic demand.[7] Ubidecarenone is sold as a dietary supplement and is not FDA approved as a drug thus, it is not meant to treat, cure or prevent any disease. FDA does not approve this dietary supplements before sold nor regulate the manufacturing process.[8]
4. Indication:  The diet supplements containing ubidecarenone are indicated, as stated in the product label, to assist individuals with cardiovascular complaints including congestive heart failure and systolic hypertension. In the product, ubidecarenone is used to increase the cardiac input as well as for the prevention of several other diseases like Parkinson, fibromyalgia, migraine, periodontal disease and diabetes, based on preclinical studies.[9] It is important to highlight that these products are not FDA approved and it is recommended to use under discretion.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Alfacalcidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism. Alfacalcidol is Vitamin D-hormone analog which is activated by the enzyme 25-hydroxylase in the liver for systemic and in osteoblasts for local D-hormone actions. It possesses a unique pattern of pleiotropic effects on, e.g. gut, bone, pararthyroids, muscle and brain. Alfacalcidol is superior to plain vitamin D (cholecalciferol) because the final kidney activation of the latter is regulated by a negative feedback mechanism. (PMID:17438884,17668216)
4. Indication:  Alfacalcidol is an active metabolite of Vitamin D, which performs important functions in regulation of the calcium balance and the bone metabolism.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PRLX 93936
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRLX 93936 is selectively toxic to cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  BZL101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BZL101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of advanced breast cancer with a novel mechanism of action. BZL101 targets diseased cells while leaving normal cells healthy and intact.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Imexon
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imexon is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of some types of cancer, including pancreatic, lung, breast, prostate, melanoma, and multiple myeloma. It belongs to the family of drugs called cyanoaziridine derivatives. Also called Amplimexon. Imexon is a cyanoaziridine derivative.Imexon is a thiol-binding small molecule which induces mitochondrial oxidation, a loss of membrane potential and cytochrome C, leading to apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma, multiple myeloma, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  PDE4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Merck has developed a selective PDE4 inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whereas the potential therapeutic utility of PDE4 inhibition has been demonstrated in various preclinical animal models (e.g., in rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis), clinical evaluation has been restricted by dose-limiting side effects, mainly nausea and emesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Simeprevir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simeprevir is a hepatitis C virus (HCV) NS3/4A protease inhibitor indicated in patient's with HCV genotype 1 for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection. HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [7]. Like all NS3/4A inhibitors, simeprevir is a serine protease inhibitor in similarity to Boceprevir and Telaprevir but is classified as a second generation protease inhibitor. This class of antiviral drugs were the first direct acting antivirals approved but are associated with lower cure rates than newer drugs. Broad use of simeprevir occurred when it was used in combination with a newer drug, Sofosbuvir. Inhibiting HCV NS3/4A protease in a potent and highly specific manner, simeprevir is a direct-acting antiviral agent against the hepatitis C virus. Since the viral protease NS3/4A complex is essential for cleaving the HCV encoded polyprotein into individual viral proteins facilitating replication [4], the drug blocks the viral replication process. It is shown to display synergistic effects with interferon-α and HCV NS5B inhibitor, and additive effects with ribavirin in HCV replicon cells [2]. Unlike first generation serine protease inhibitors, simprevir has a sightly different resistance profile where limited therapeutic efficacy of the drug is observed with NS3 Q80K polymorphic variants and simeprevir-specific amino acid position of 168 also results in higher treatment failure rates [3]. The observed prevalence of the N3 Q80K polymorphism was 30% in subjects infected with HCV genotype 1a and 0.5% in subjects infected with HCV genotype 1b [3]. According to 2017 American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and 2015 consensus guidelines from the Canadian Association for the Study of the Liver (CASL), simeprevir can be used as first-line or second-line threapies for treatment-naïve patients as adjunct to sofosbuvir treatment for genotype 1 or PEG-Interferon/ribavirin combination therapy for genotype 1 or 4. The combination therapy of simeprevir and other antiviral agents are initiated in HCV-positive patients with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 12 weeks of daily therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [6].Simeprevir was approved by the FDA in November 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Olysio as oral tablets. Administered once daily with food, 150mg simeprevir capsule is used in combination with Sofosbuvir in patients with HCV genotype 1 without cirrhosis for 12 week duration. In patients with HCV genotype 1 with compensated cirrhosis, the treatment is directed for 24 week duration. Sustained virologic response 12 weeks after planned end of treatment (SVR12) was achieved in 170/176 (97%) subjects without cirrhosis treated with 12 weeks simeprevir in combination with sofosbuvir (FDA Label). The overall SVR12 was 88% (44/50) in treatment-naïve patients with cirrhosis [7].Simeprevir is also used in treatment of HCV genotype 4 patients with or without cirrhosis and is taken with Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin; this triple therapy allows shortening treatment duration from 48 weeks or longer to 12 or 24 weeks [3] depending on prior response status and presence of HIV-1 co-infection. Prior to initiation of treatment with Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin, screening for the presence of virus with the NS3 Q80K polymorphism is strongly recommended and if detected, alternative treatment should be considered instead to prevent therapeutic failure. The SVR12 was 83% (29/35) in treatment-naïve patients and 86% (19/22) in relapsing patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adults with chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection: typically in combination with sofosbuvir in patients with HCV genotype 1 without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis and in combination with peginterferon alfa (Peg-IFN-alfa) and ribavirin (RBV) in patients with HCV genotype 1 or 4 without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis. Resistance: Reduced susceptibility to simeprevir was most commonly associated with the viral NS3 Q80K polymorphism. Amino acid substitutions at NS3 positions S122, R155 and/or D168 are also shown to reduce susceptibility to simeprevir in genotype 1a/b patients. 
