DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PRLX 93936
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRLX 93936 is selectively toxic to cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CHGN111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHGN111 is an inhibitor of the mitochondrial enzyme CLK-1 which is a demethoxyubiquinone hydroxylase. Numerous parameters of mitochondrial function are altered when the activity of CLK-1 is reduced, which results in a decrease of ROS at critical cellular sites, as well as in a decrease of systemic oxidative stress. It was under investigation until approximately 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  BZL101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BZL101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of advanced breast cancer with a novel mechanism of action. BZL101 targets diseased cells while leaving normal cells healthy and intact.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  RG2417
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RG2417 is a proprietary formulation of uridine, a biological compound essential for the synthesis of DNA and RNA, the basic hereditary material found in all cells, and numerous other factors essential for cell metabolism. Uridine is synthesized by the mitochondria, the power plant of the human cell responsible for energy metabolism. The rationale for uridine therapy in neuropsychiatric disorders is supported by preclinical and clinical research. Recent reports indicate that certain genes that encode for mitochondrial proteins are significantly down regulated in the brains of bipolar patients. This new insight suggests that the symptoms of bipolar disorder may be linked to dysregulation of energy metabolism of the brain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders and manic disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Imexon
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imexon is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of some types of cancer, including pancreatic, lung, breast, prostate, melanoma, and multiple myeloma. It belongs to the family of drugs called cyanoaziridine derivatives. Also called Amplimexon. Imexon is a cyanoaziridine derivative.Imexon is a thiol-binding small molecule which induces mitochondrial oxidation, a loss of membrane potential and cytochrome C, leading to apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma, multiple myeloma, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  3-Fluorotyrosine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  3-fluorotyrosine is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylpropanoic acids. These are compounds whose structure contain a benzene ring conjugated to a propanoic acid. 3-fluorotyrosine targets the protein superoxide dismutase [mn], mitochondrial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cintredekin Besudotox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cintredekin besudotox has been developed as a specific tumor-targeting agent, which is administered by positive-pressure convection-enhanced delivery (CED) directly to brain tissue at risk for residual infiltrating glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) after tumor resection. cintredekin besudotox is made from a human protein, Interleukin 13 (IL13), linked to a bacterial toxin, Pseudomonas exotoxin (PE). The IL13 portion binds to receptors on the tumor.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cardiolipin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Cardiolipin (bisphosphatidyl glycerol) is an important component of the inner mitochondrial membrane, where it constitutes about 20% of the total lipid. It is typically present in metabolically active cells of the heart and skeletal muscle, in the membranes of their mitochondria, mostly in the inner membrane, and consists roughly 20% of its lipids. It has also been observed in certain bacterial membranes. It serves as an insulator and stabilizes the activity of protein complexes important to the electron transport chain. It also "glues" them together. Cardiolipin is a "double" phospholipid because it has four fatty acid tails, instead of the usual two. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Diminazene
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Diminazene, also known as Diminazine, 4,4'-(Diazoamino)benzamidine, 4,4'-(1-Triazene-1,3-diyl)bis-benzenecarboximidamide, Diminazine aceturate, or Diminazene aceturate, is a trypanocidal agent. Major brands of Diminazene are Berenil, Pirocide, Ganasag, and Azidin. This substance is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydrazines. These are compounds containing a phenylhydrazide moiety, which consists of a hydrazide substituent attached to a phenyl group. Known drug targets of diminazene include HTH-type transcriptional regulator QacR, trypsin-1, amiloride-sensitive amine oxidase [copper-containing], and mitochondrial peroxiredoxin-5.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ubidecarenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ubidecarenone, also known as coenzyme Q10, is a 1,4-benzoquinone, where Q refers to the quinone chemical group, and 10 refers to the number of isoprenyl chemical subunits in its tail.[1] It is a powerful antioxidant, a lipid-soluble and essential cofactor in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation.[2] The ubidecarenone is the coenzyme destined for mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in the production of ATP. It is fundamental for cells that have a high metabolic demand.[7] Ubidecarenone is sold as a dietary supplement and is not FDA approved as a drug thus, it is not meant to treat, cure or prevent any disease. FDA does not approve this dietary supplements before sold nor regulate the manufacturing process.[8]
4. Indication:  The diet supplements containing ubidecarenone are indicated, as stated in the product label, to assist individuals with cardiovascular complaints including congestive heart failure and systolic hypertension. In the product, ubidecarenone is used to increase the cardiac input as well as for the prevention of several other diseases like Parkinson, fibromyalgia, migraine, periodontal disease and diabetes, based on preclinical studies.[9] It is important to highlight that these products are not FDA approved and it is recommended to use under discretion.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Thenoyltrifluoroacetone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Thenoyltrifluoroacetone is a chelating agent and inhibitor of cellular respiration. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  SRT501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRT501 is a small molecule develped for the treatment of metabolic diseases like diabetes and obesity. It is the first small molecule, designed to target SIRT1, to enter the clinic.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Declopramide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  L-aminocarnityl-succinyl-leucyl-argininal-diethylacetal
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C-101, also called Myodur, is developed for the treatment of Duchenne’s muscular dystrophy (DMD) which is a morbid genetic disease that can lead to death in late adolescence due to accelerated skeletal muscle breakdown. C-101 includes a carnitine carrier molecule and a leupeptin analogue, a known calpain inhibitor. Calpain is the primary protease that degrades skeletal muscle.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in muscular dystrophy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Phosphoaminophosphonic Acid-Adenylate Ester
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  5'-Adenylic acid, monoanhydride with imidodiphosphoric acid. An analog of ATP, in which the oxygen atom bridging the beta to the gamma phosphate is replaced by a nitrogen atom. It is a potent competitive inhibitor of soluble and membrane-bound mitochondrial ATPase and also inhibits ATP-dependent reactions of oxidative phosphorylation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  KP-1461
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KP-1461 is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TAS-106
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAS-106 is a new nucleoside antimetabolite. TAS-106 has demonstrated strong antitumor activity without serious toxicity in nude rat models bearing human tumours [1].
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Elesclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elesclomol is a novel, injectable, drug candidate that kills cancer cells by elevating oxidative stress levels beyond a breaking point, triggering programmed cell death. In preclinical models elesclomol showed potent killing of a broad range of cancer cell types at high doses, and an ability to strongly enhance the efficacy of certain chemotherapy agents, with minimal additional toxicity, at moderate doses. It is being developed by Synta Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in melanoma.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Gentian Violet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A dye that is a mixture of violet rosanilinis with antibacterial, antifungal, and anthelmintic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial and fungal infections inside the mouth (thrush) and skin, also for the prevention of transmission of Chagas' disease (as a blood additive).
