DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tabalumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tabalumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Autoimmune Disease, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Kidney Failure, Chronic, Connective Tissue Disease, and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tiomolibdate ion
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tetrathiomolybdate is an oral, small-molecule, anticopper agent that is highly specific for lowering the levels of free copper in serum. COPREXA has completed pivotal clinical trials for the treatment of neurologic Wilson's disease. It is also developed for fibrotic disorders based upon the rationale that the fibrotic disease process is dependent upon the availability of free copper in the body.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease and pulmonary fibrosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  N-Acetylglucosamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoarthritis, by itself or in combination with chondroitin sulfate.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Sulfasalazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A drug that is used in the management of inflammatory bowel diseases. Its activity is generally considered to lie in its metabolic breakdown product, 5-aminosalicylic acid (see mesalamine) released in the colon. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p907)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Crohn's disease and rheumatoid arthritis as a second-line agent.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aspergillus terreus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aspergillus terreus is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus terreus extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82 injection is a sterile nonpyrogenic solutions of rubidium Rb 82 chloride. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  Rubidium Rb 82 chloride injection is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  KC706
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KC706 is a novel anti-inflammatory drug that works by inhibiting the activity of p38 MAP kinase. KC706 holds potential to treat inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease and cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory bowel disease, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Human C1-esterase inhibitor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Human) is composed of purified endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (hC1INH) isolated from human plasma. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Cyrinze (FDA), this drug is indicated for routine prophylaxis against angioedema attacks in adolescent and adult patients with Hereditary Angioedema (HAE), a human genetic disorder caused by a shortage of C1 inhibitor activity that results in an overreaction of the immune system. The disease is characterized by acute attacks of painful and in some cases fatal swelling of several soft tissues (edema), which may last up to five days when untreated.In June 2017 the FDA approved a formulation of human C1-esterase inhibitor for subcutaneous administration under the tradename Haegarda.
4. Indication:  For routine prophylaxis against angioedema attacks in adolescent and adult patients with Hereditary Angioedema (HAE).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hyaluronidase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Highly purified sheep hyaluronidase for administration by injection into the vitreous of the eye.
4. Indication:  For increase of absorption and distribution of other injected drugs and for rehydration.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  GFT14
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cladosporium sphaerospermum
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cladosporium sphaerospermum is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Cladosporium sphaerospermum extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alprostadil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Alprostadil is produced endogenously and causes vasodilation by means of a direct effect on vascular and ductus arteriosus (DA) smooth muscle, preventing or reversing the functional closure of the DA that occurs shortly after birth. This results in increased pulmonary or systemic blood flow in infants. In infants, it is used for palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. In adults, it is used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
4. Indication:  For palliative, not definitive, therapy to temporarily maintain the patency of the ductus arteriosus until corrective or palliative surgery can be performed in neonates who have congenital heart defects and who depend upon the patent ductus for survival. Also for the treatment of erectile dysfunction due to neurogenic, vasculogenic, psychogenic, or mixed etiology.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Aspergillus repens
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aspergillus repens is a fungus which can provoke allergic reactions. Aspergillus repens extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Polidocanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins (varicose veins ≤1 mm in diameter) and uncomplicated reticular veins (varicose veins 1 to 3 mm in diameter) in the lower extremity. It is marketed under the brand names Asclera and Varithena. The formula for Polidocanol has the structural formula C12H25(OCH2CH2)nOH, a mean extent of polymerization (n) of approximately 9 and a mean molecular weight of approximately 600.
4. Indication:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins and uncomplicated reticular veins in the lower extremity. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Conestat alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cobalt Hexammine Ion
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ruxolitinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ruxolitinib is a janus-associated kinase inhibitor indicated to treat bone marrow cancer, specifically intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. FDA approved on November 16, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera (post-PV) myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia (post-ET) myelofibrosis. [Lexicomp] Myeolofibrosis is the proliferation of abnormal bone marrow stem cells which cause fibrosis (the excessive formation of connective tissue).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Copper
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [5].
4. Indication:  For use in the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition and in contraception with intrauterine devices [FDA Label] [5].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Strontium chloride Sr-89
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (Sr-89), initially FDA-approved in 1993, is used as a paliative therapeutic option to help relieve the pain from bone metastases. Strontium chloride is mainly used in cases of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.[9] Bone metastases is a common and severe complication presented in advanced stages of the disease. It is usually presented mainly in patients with prostatic and breast cancer, as well as in cancer of lung, bladder and thyroid. There has been some cases of apparent tumor regression which has given it a potential tumoricidal effect.[8]
4. Indication:  Strontium-89 Chloride Injection is indicated as a paliative for the relief of bone pain in patients with skeletal metastases. It is impotant to confirm the presence of bone metastases prior the beginning of therapy.[9]
