DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Meclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in the treatment of motion sickness, vertigo, and nausea during pregnancy and radiation sickness. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, or dizziness associated with motion sickness.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Thalidomide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A piperidinyl isoindole originally introduced as a non-barbiturate hypnotic, but withdrawn from the market due to teratogenic effects. It has been reintroduced and used for a number of immunological and inflammatory disorders. Thalidomide displays immunosuppresive and anti-angiogenic activity. It inhibits release of tumor necrosis factor-alpha from monocytes, and modulates other cytokine action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of the cutaneous manifestations of moderate to severe erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL). Also for use as maintenance therapy for prevention and suppression of the cutaneous manifestations of ENL recurrence.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dimenhydrinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimenhydrinate (Dramamine, Gravol and Vertirosan) is an over-the-counter drug used to prevent motion sickness. It is closely related to diphenhydramine HCl, or Benadryl. It is primarily a H1-antagonist, but also possesses an antimuscarinic effect.
4. Indication:  Used for treating vertigo, motion sickness, and nausea associated with pregnancy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Buclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Buclizine is an antihistamine of the piperazine derivative family. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness and vertigo (dizziness caused by other medical problems).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cinnarizine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cinnarizine is an anti-histaminic drug which is mainly used for the control of vomiting due to motion sickness. Cinnarizine was first synthesized by Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1955.It acts by interfering with the signal transmission between vestibular apparatus of the inner ear and the vomiting centre of the hypothalamus. The disparity of signal processing between inner ear motion receptors and the visual senses is abolished, so that the confusion of brain whether the individual is moving or standing is reduced. Vomiting in motion sickness is actually a physiological compensatory mechanism of the brain to keep the individual from moving so that it can adjust to the signal perception.Cinnarizine could be also viewed as a nootropic drug because of its vasorelaxating abilities (due to calcium channel blockage), which happen mostly in brain. It is also effectively combined with other nootropics, primarily piracetam; in such combination each drug potentiate the other in boosting brain oxygen supply.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vertigo/meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and also useful for vestibular symptoms of other origins.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methylscopolamine bromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to study binding characteristics of muscarinic cholinergic receptors. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer. Also used to treat nausea and vomiting due to motion sickness.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cyclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist given by mouth or parenterally for the control of postoperative and drug-induced vomiting and in motion sickness. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p935)
4. Indication:  For prevention and treatment of nausea, vomiting, and dizziness associated with motion sickness, and vertigo (dizziness caused by other medical problems).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nifurtimox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nifurtimox has been investigated for the treatment of Sleeping Sickness and Human African Trypanosomiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  CYT006-AngQb
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CYT006-AngQb is a therapeutic vaccine in development for treatment of hypertension. It is designed to instruct the patient’s immune system to produce an antibody response against angiotensin II, a small peptide that causes blood vessels to narrow and results in increased blood pressure. It is a unique treatment modality that aims to address the issue of patient compliance by offering convenient dosing schedules due to the long-lasting effect induced by vaccination.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Scopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid from Solanaceae, especially Datura metel L. and Scopola carniolica. Scopolamine and its quaternary derivatives act as antimuscarinics like atropine, but may have more central nervous system effects. Among the many uses are as an anesthetic premedication, in urinary incontinence, in motion sickness, as an antispasmodic, and as a mydriatic and cycloplegic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of excessive salivation, colicky abdominal pain, bradycardia, sialorrhoea, diverticulitis, irritable bowel syndrome and motion sickness.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cysteamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cysteamine is a radiation-protective agent that oxidizes in air to form cystamine. It can be given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate and hydrochloride salt forms are indicated for the treatment of neuropathic cystinosis in patients 6 years old and older. [PubChem]. Cysteamine is marketed under several brand names such as Cystaran™, Procysbi, and Cystagon®.
4. Indication:  Given intravenously or orally to treat radiation sickness. The bitartrate salts (Cystagon® and Procysbi) have been used for the oral treatment of nephropathic cystinosis and cystinurea. The hydrochloride salt (Cystaran™) is indicated for the treatment of corneal cystine crystal accumulation in cystinosis patients.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Homatropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist belonging to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.
4. Indication:  Used in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcers, gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Pentamidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiprotozoal agent effective in trypanosomiasis, leishmaniasis, and some fungal infections; used in treatment of pneumocystis pneumonia in HIV-infected patients. It may cause diabetes mellitus, central nervous system damage, and other toxic effects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia due to Pneumocystis carinii.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Doxylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pirenzepine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antimuscarinic agent that inhibits gastric secretion at lower doses than are required to affect gastrointestinal motility, salivary, central nervous system, cardiovascular, ocular, and urinary function. It promotes the healing of duodenal ulcers and due to its cytoprotective action is beneficial in the prevention of duodenal ulcer recurrence. It also potentiates the effect of other antiulcer agents such as cimetidine and ranitidine. It is generally well tolerated by patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric ulcer, and duodenal ulcer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Suramin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A polyanionic compound with an unknown mechanism of action. It is used parenterally in the treatment of African trypanosomiasis and it has been used clinically with diethylcarbamazine to kill the adult Onchocerca. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1643) It has also been shown to have potent antineoplastic properties. Suramin is manufactured by Bayer in Germany as Germanin®.
4. Indication:  For treatment of human sleeping sickness, onchocerciasis and other diseases caused by trypanosomes and worms.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat short-term sleeping problems (insomnia), such as difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, and early-morning awakening.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Promethazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative with histamine H1-blocking, antimuscarinic, and sedative properties. It is used as an antiallergic, in pruritus, for motion sickness and sedation, and also in animals. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic disorders, and nausea/vomiting.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fenoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic highly bound to plasma proteins. It is pharmacologically similar to aspirin, but causes less gastrointestinal bleeding. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Estazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and muscle relaxant properties. It has been shown in some cases to be more potent than diazepam or nitrazepam. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term management of insomnia characterized by difficulty in falling asleep, frequent nocturnal awakenings, and/or early morning awakenings.
