DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CHF-1512
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF1512 is a methyl-ester of levodopa (LDME), melevodopa, combined with the decarboxylase inhibitor carbidopa.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ALS-08
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALS-08 is a proprietary creatine-derivative that is being developed as a potential therapeutic for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). It is being developed by Avicena Group, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ACR-16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR-16 is under investigation by NeuroSearch. ACR16 has been successfully investigated in a Phase II multi-centre, randomised and placebo-controlled trial in patients with Huntington’s disease as well as in three Phase Ib studies within Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and schizophrenia respectively. ACR-16 is a dopamine stabilizer. ACR-16 is also being studied in other psychiatric and neurologic diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in huntington's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Metaxalone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metaxalone (marketed by King Pharmaceuticals under the brand name Skelaxin®) is a muscle relaxant used to relax muscles and relieve pain caused by strains, sprains, and other musculoskeletal conditions. Its exact mechanism of action is not known, but it may be due to general central nervous system depression. It is considered to be a moderately strong muscle relaxant, with relatively low incidence of side effects. Skelaxin comes in an 800 mg scored tablet. It previously came in both 400 mg and 800 mg tablets. The 400 mg tablet has been discontinued. Possible side effects include nausea, vomiting, drowsiness and CNS side effects such as dizziness, headache, and irritability.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of painful peripheral musculoskeletal conditions and spasticity from upper motor neuron syndromes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ketazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ketazolam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Ketazolam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Ketazolam could be used for the treatment of anxiety. In approved countries, it is indicated for the treatment of anxiety, tension, irritability and similar stress related symptoms.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Apomorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A derivative of morphine that is a dopamine D2 agonist. It is a powerful emetic and has been used for that effect in acute poisoning. It has also been used in the diagnosis and treatment of parkinsonism, but its adverse effects limit its use.
4. Indication:  For the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, off episodes (end-of-dose wearing off and unpredictable on/off episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Talampanel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talampanel is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of brain tumors and other brain disorders, such as epilepsy and Parkinson disease. It is a type of AMPA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Deutetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Deutetrabenazine is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated Tetrabenazine [5]. The presence of deuterium in deutetrabenazine increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound [5]. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability [2]. Decreased plasma fluctuations of deutetrabenazine due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with deutetrabenazine [1]. Deutetrabenazine is a racemic mixture containing RR-Deutetrabenazine and SS-Deutetrabenazine [FDA Label]. Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances [2] that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions [5]. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission [6]. Deutetrabenazine depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release [6]. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, deutetrabenazine is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease [7]. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of deutetrabenazine resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo [5]. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name Austedo as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pimavanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis, and is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication. It is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Orphenadrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to treat drug-induced parkinsonism and to relieve pain from muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorders like chorea in Huntington's disease, hemiballismus, senile chorea, Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders, and tardive dyskinesia 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Riluzole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glutamate antagonist (receptors, glutamate) used as an anticonvulsant (anticonvulsants) and to prolong the survival of patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Riluzole is marketed as Rilutek by Sanofi. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, Lou Gehrig's Disease)
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Debrisoquin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic neuron-blocking drug similar in effects to guanethidine. It is also noteworthy in being a substrate for a polymorphic cytochrome P-450 enzyme. Persons with certain isoforms of this enzyme are unable to properly metabolize this and many other clinically important drugs. They are commonly referred to as having a debrisoquin 4-hydroxylase polymorphism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate and severe hypertension, either alone or as an adjunct, and for the treatment of renal hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cyclobenzaprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant and a central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Cyclobenzaprine acts on the locus coeruleus where it results in increased norepinephrine release, potentially through the gamma fibers which innervate and inhibit the alpha motor neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. It is structurally similar to Amitriptyline, differing by only one double bond.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Budesonide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Budesonide is a glucocorticoid used in the management of asthma, the treatment of various skin disorders, and allergic rhinitis. [PubChem] The extended release oral tablet, marketed as Uceris, was FDA approved on January 14, 2013 for the management of ulcerative colitis. Budesonide is provided as a mixture of two epimers (22R and 22S). Interestingly, the 22R form is two times more active than the 22S epimer. The two forms do not interconvert. 
4. Indication:  The oral capsule is used for the treatment of mild to moderate active Crohn's disease. The oral tablet is used for induction of remission in patients with active, mild to moderate ulcerative colitis. The oral inhalation formulation is used for the treatment of asthma, non-infectious rhinitis (including hay fever and other allergies), and for treatment and prevention of nasal polyposis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  KW-7158
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KW-7158 is a tricyclic compound with a non-cholingergic mechanism of action for the treatment of "urinary urgency," "frequent urination" and "urinary incontinence" associated with bladder overactivity (involuntary abnormal contraction of the bladder). The therapeutic effects of KW-7158 in overactive bladder may be due to the activation of A-type K(+) channels which regulate afferent neuron excitability and firing properties in the dorsal root ganglion neurons.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Rasagiline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rasagiline is an irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase and is used as a monotherapy in early Parkinson's disease or as an adjunct therapy in more advanced cases.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinsons disease as initial monotherapy and as adjunct therapy to levodopa.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Isometheptene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
4. Indication:  Isometheptene is a sympathomimetic drug which causes vasoconstriction. It is used for treating migraines and tension headaches.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tizanidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tizanidine is a short-acting drug for the management of spasticity. Tizanidine is an agonist at a2-adrenergic receptor sites and presumably reduces spasticity by increasing presynaptic inhibition of motor neurons. In animal models, tizanidine has no direct effect on skeletal muscle fibers or the neuromuscular junction, and no major effect on monosynaptic spinal reflexes. The effects of tizanidine are greatest on polysynaptic pathways. The overall effect of these actions is thought to reduce facilitation of spinal motor neurons.
4. Indication:  For the management of increased muscle tone associated with spasticity
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
