DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ACR-16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR-16 is under investigation by NeuroSearch. ACR16 has been successfully investigated in a Phase II multi-centre, randomised and placebo-controlled trial in patients with Huntington’s disease as well as in three Phase Ib studies within Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and schizophrenia respectively. ACR-16 is a dopamine stabilizer. ACR-16 is also being studied in other psychiatric and neurologic diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in huntington's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Suvorexant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Suvorexant is a selective dual antagonist of orexin receptors OX1R and OX2R that promotes sleep by reducing wakefulness and arousal. It has been approved for the treatment of insomnia. 
4. Indication:  Suvorexant is indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  DDP-200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP200 is developed by Dynogen for the treatment of non-incontinent form of overactive bladder (OAB) with particular focus on both male and female patients with urinary frequency, urinary urgency and nocturia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  CHF-1512
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF1512 is a methyl-ester of levodopa (LDME), melevodopa, combined with the decarboxylase inhibitor carbidopa.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lumateperone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lumateperone (ITI-722/ITI-007) is a novel, first-in-class dual 5HT2A receptor antagonist/dopamine phosphoprotein modulator (DPPM) for schizophrenia. It is an orally available compound which combines potent 5HT2A receptor antagonism with cell-type-specific modulation of phosphoprotein pathways downstream of dopamine receptors. As of May 2015, Lumateperone is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Talampanel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talampanel is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of brain tumors and other brain disorders, such as epilepsy and Parkinson disease. It is a type of AMPA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Pimavanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis, and is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication. It is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A drug formerly used as an antipsychotic but now used primarily in the symptomatic treatment of various hyperkinetic disorders. It is a monoamine depletor and used as symptomatic treatment of chorea associated with Huntington's disease. FDA approved on August 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of hyperkinetic movement disorders like chorea in Huntington's disease, hemiballismus, senile chorea, Tourette syndrome and other tic disorders, and tardive dyskinesia 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Halazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a trifluoromethyl derivative of nordazepam. While its structure may be similar to chlordiazepoxide and diazepam, it has both less toxicity and less tendency to cause paradoxical hostility and aggression than either of them. Halazepam is no longer marketed in the United States, and was withdrawn by Schering-Plough due to poor sales. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to relieve anxiety, nervousness, and tension associated with anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mesoridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic with effects similar to chlorpromazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of schizophrenia, organic brain disorders, alcoholism and psychoneuroses.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Voglibose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voglibose (INN and USAN) is an alpha-glucosidase inhibitor used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels in people with diabetes mellitus. It is made in India by Ranbaxy Labs and sold under the trade name Volix. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes. It is specifically used for lowering post-prandial blood glucose levels thereby reducing the risk of macrovascular complications.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alprazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A triazolobenzodiazepine compound with antianxiety and sedative-hypnotic actions, that is efficacious in the treatment of panic disorders, with or without agoraphobia, and in generalized anxiety disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p238)
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorder or the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety and for the treatment of panic disorder, with or without agoraphobia.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cervical dystonia in adults to decrease the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia. Also for the treatment of severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis that is inadequately managed with topical agents and for the treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm associated with dystonia, including benign essential blepharospasm or VII nerve disorders in patients 12 years of age and above. Also used cosmetically to temporarily improve the appearance of moderate-to-severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines) as well as for the treatment of excessive underarm sweating.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Clorazepate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A water-soluble benzodiazepine derivative effective in the treatment of anxiety. It has also muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant actions. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety. Also used as adjunctive therapy in the management of partial seizures and for the symptomatic relief of acute alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Orphenadrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A muscarinic antagonist used to treat drug-induced parkinsonism and to relieve pain from muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Anagrelide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anagrelide is a drug used for the treatment of essential thrombocytosis (ET; essential thrombocythemia). It also has been used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with thrombocythemia, secondary to myeloproliferative disorders, to reduce the elevated platelet count and the risk of thrombosis and to ameliorate associated symptoms including thrombo-hemorrhagic events.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Alosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used only for the management of severe diarrhoea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women. Alosetron has an antagonist action on the 5-HT3 receptors and thus may modulate serotonin-sensitive gastrointestinal (GI) processes. Alosetron was voluntarily withdrawn from the US market in November 2000 by the manufacturer due to numerous reports of severe adverse effects including ischemic colitis, severely obstructed or ruptured bowel, and death. In June 2002, the FDA approved a supplemental new drug application allowing the remarketing of the drug under restricted conditions of use.
4. Indication:  Only for the treatment of symptoms of severe diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women with chronic symptoms (generally lasting greater than 6 months) who does not present with anatomic or biochemical GI abnormalities and have not responded to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Camazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Camazepam is a benzodiazepine which is a dimethyl carbamate ester of tamzepam, a metabolite of diazepam. Similarly to other drugs in its class, it has antxiolytic, anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. However, unlike other benzodiapeines camazepam is predominantly anxiolytic and is relatively weak as an anticonvulsant, hypnotic and skeletal muscle relaxant.Camazepam also has less side effects, such as impaired cognition and reaction times, compared to other benzodiazepines. However, impairment of cognition and disrupted sleep patterns will occur at doses higher than 40mg of carazepam. Camazepam is also believed to increase attention, and is associated with skin disorders. In the United States camazepam is regulated as a Schedule IV controlled substance.
4. Indication:  Camazepam has been used in placebo controlled studies for the treatment of patients suffering from anxiety and depression. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Diazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, anxiolytic, sedative, muscle relaxant, and amnesic properties and a long duration of action. Its actions are mediated by enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid activity. It is used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p589)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of severe anxiety disorders, as a hypnotic in the short-term management of insomnia, as a sedative and premedicant, as an anticonvulsant, and in the management of alcohol withdrawal syndrome.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Clonazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used for several types of seizures, including myotonic or atonic seizures, photosensitive epilepsy, and absence seizures, although tolerance may develop. It is seldom effective in generalized tonic-clonic or partial seizures. The mechanism of action appears to involve the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Clonazepam is used as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (petit mal variant), akinetic and myoclonic seizures. It can also be used for the treatment of panic disorders. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ALS-08
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALS-08 is a proprietary creatine-derivative that is being developed as a potential therapeutic for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). It is being developed by Avicena Group, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
