DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Eucalyptol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Eucalyptol is a natural organic compound which is a colorless liquid. It is a cyclic ether and a monoterpenoid. Eucalyptol is an ingredient in many brands of mouthwash and cough suppressant. It controls airway mucus hypersecretion and asthma via anti-inflammatory cytokine inhibition. Eucalyptol is an effective treatment for nonpurulent rhinosinusitis. Eucalyptol reduces inflammation and pain when applied topically. It kills leukaemia cells in vitro.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acepromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Acepromazine is one of the phenothiazine derivative psychotropic drugs, used little in humans, however frequently in animals as a sedative and antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Acepromazine was first used in humans in the 1950s as an antipsychotic agent. It is now rarely used in humans. Acepromazine is frequently used in animals as a sedative and antiemetic. Its principal value is in quietening and calming anxious animals.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tripelennamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions, coughs, and the common cold.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bentiromide
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Bentiromide is a peptide used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy. It is given by mouth as a noninvasive test. The amount of 4-aminobenzoic acid and its metabolites excreted in the urine is taken as a measure of the chymotrypsin-secreting activity of the pancreas. Headache and gastrointestinal disturbances have been reported in patients taking bentiromide. Bentiromide is not available in the U.S. or Canada (It was withdrawn in the US in October 1996).
4. Indication:  Used as a screening test for exocrine pancreatic insufficiency and to monitor the adequacy of supplemental pancreatic therapy.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thymol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenol obtained from thyme oil or other volatile oils. It is used as a stabilizer in pharmaceutic preparations. It has been used for its antiseptic, antibacterial, and antifungal actions, and was formerly used as a vermifuge. (Dorland, 28th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Raltitrexed
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Raltitrexed (brand name Tomudex®) is a chemotherapy drug manufactured AstraZeneca Company, is an antimetabolite used in chemotherapy. It is an inhibitor of thymidylate synthase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of malignant neoplasm of colon and rectum
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ethopropazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethopropazine (also known as profenamine hydrochloride) is a medication derived from phenothiazine. It is primarily used as an antidyskinetic to treat parkinsonism. It is sold under the trade names Parsidol in the United States and Parsidan in Canada.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of Parkinson's disease and also used to control severe reactions to certain medicines such as reserpine.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Trifluoperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine. It is used as an antipsychotic and an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders, depressive symptoms secondary to anxiety and agitation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Methyl salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. The compound was first extracted and isolated from plant species Gaultheria procumbens in 1843. It is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in liniments. It forms a colorless to yellow or reddish liquid and exhibits a characteristic odor and taste of wintergreen. For acute joint and muscular pain, methyl salicylate is used as a rubefacient and analgesic in deep heating liniments. It is used as a flavoring agent in chewing gums and mints in small concentrations and added as antiseptic in mouthwash solutions.
4. Indication:  Ointments or liniments containing methyl salicylate are applied topically as counter irritant for relief of acute pain associated with lumbago,sciatica and rheumatic conditions. Local analgesics for human and veterinary medicine.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  3-Methylthiofentanyl
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  3-Methyl-thiofentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cevimeline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cevimeline is a parasympathomimetic and muscarinic agonist, with particular effect on M3 receptors. It is indicated by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of dry mouth associated with Sjögren's syndrome. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Heptabarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Heptabarbital is an intermediate or short term barbiturate used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
4. Indication:  Used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  CX501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cx501 is used to treat epidermolysis bullosa (EB), a rare genetic condition which can lead to contraction of the joints, fusion of fingers and toes, contraction of the mouth membranes and narrowing of the oesophagus. It is developed by Cellerix and is in phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cresol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cresol is a hydroxytoluene that can be extracted naturally from coal tar or made synthetically. Pure cresol is a mixture of ortho-, meta-, and para- isomers. Cresols are precursors or synthetic intermediates to various other compounds and materials, including plastics, pesticides, pharmaceuticals, disinfectants, and dyes. Ingestion of cresol induces toxicity in humans and can lead to burning of the mouth and throat, abdominal pain, and/or vomiting. At concentrations normally found in the environment however, cresols do not pose any significant risk for the general population.
4. Indication:  The primary medical indications for cresols in general include being used as bactericides, pesticides, and disinfectants [10]. Certain isomers of cresol, like m-cresol, may be used as inactive ingredients for the purpose of serving as a preservative in some pharmaceuticals [10]. Conversely, many other active pharmaceuticals are also derivatives of various cresol isomer precursors or intermediates [12].
