DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Apomorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A derivative of morphine that is a dopamine D2 agonist. It is a powerful emetic and has been used for that effect in acute poisoning. It has also been used in the diagnosis and treatment of parkinsonism, but its adverse effects limit its use.
4. Indication:  For the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, off episodes (end-of-dose wearing off and unpredictable on/off episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Emeramide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emeramide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mercury Poisoning.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Desmethylprodine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  Desmethylprodine, a derivative of meperidine, is an opioid analgesic with the potency of morphine. It has been listed as a Schedule I controlled drug in the United States, and thus is not used clinically. It is known to be a designer drug, synthesized in 1977, for the purpose of recreational use. Illicit manufacturing has occurred.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dimercaprol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol is a potentially toxic drug, and its use may be accompanied by multiple side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of arsenic, gold and mercury poisoning. Indicated in acute lead poisoning when used concomitantly with edetate calcium disodium (DB00974).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Succimer
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A mercaptodicarboxylic acid used as an antidote to heavy metal poisoning because it forms strong chelates with them. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lead poisoning in pediatric patients with blood lead levels above 45 µg/dL. May also be used to treat mercury or arsenic poisoning.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fomepizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fomepizole is used as an antidote in confirmed or suspected methanol or ethylene glycol poisoning. Fomepizole is a competitive inhibitor of alcohol dehydrogenase, the enzyme that catalyzes the initial steps in the metabolism of ethylene glycol and methanol to their toxic metabolites.
4. Indication:  Antizol is indicated as an antidote for ethylene glycol (such as antifreeze) or methanol poisoning, or for use in suspected ethylene glycol or methanol ingestion, either alone or in combination with hemodialysis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Picrotoxin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A noncompetitive antagonist at GABA-A receptors and thus a convulsant. Picrotoxin blocks the gamma-aminobutyric acid-activated chloride ionophore. Although it is most often used as a research tool, it has been used as a CNS stimulant and an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially the barbiturates. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used internally for relieving respiratory distress. Also for use as an antidote in poisoning by CNS depressants, especially barbiturates.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Thiosulfuric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiosulfuric acid (as sodium thiosulfate) has the chemical name thiosulfuric acid, disodium salt, pentahydrate. The chemical formula is Na2S2O3•5H2O and the molecular weight is 248.17. Sodium Thiosulfate Injection is a cyanide antidote which contains one 50 mL glass vial containing a 25% solution of Sodium Thiosulfate Injection.It has been indicated as antidote for cyanide poisoning. It is also used as adjunct agent for patients taking cisplatin chemotherapy. Beside the above indications, sodium thiosulfate could be used as ingredient in the following: agricultural chemicals (non-pesticidal), fillers, intermediates, laboratory chemicals, oxidizing/reducing agents, process regulators, processing aids, and solids separation agents.
4. Indication:  Antidote: Sodium thiosulfate is indicated to counteract or neutralize actions of poisons, e.g. cyanide poisoning.Antineoplastic adjunct: 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mercurochrome
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercurochrome is a trade name of merbromin. It is an organomercuric disodium salt compound and a fluorescein that is available in many countries, except Switzerland, France, Germany, and the United States where the drug was withdrawn from market due to the possibility of mercury poisoning. It is commonly used as a topical first-aid antiseptic agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Helium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas that heads the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.
4. Indication:  For use in patients who are not getting enough oxygen into their blood due to blockages in the lungs from pathological conditions or injuries. Suggested potential benefit in upper airway obstruction, in severe asthma, and in exacerbations of COPD/COLD. Helium may be used in place of carbon monoxide during laparoscopic surgeries as it lowers the risk of developing respiratory acidosis in selected patients. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Talbutal
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Talbutal, also called 5-allyl-5-sec-butylbarbituric acid, is a barbiturate with a short to intermediate duration of action. Talbutal is a schedule III drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For use as a sedative and hypnotic.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Edetic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A chelating agent (chelating agents) that sequesters a variety of polyvalent cations. It is used in pharmaceutical manufacturing and as a food additive. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of blood levels and depot stores of lead in lead poisoning (acute and chronic) and lead encephalopathy, in both pediatric populations and adults.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Silibinin A
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Silibinin is the major active constituent of silymarin, a standardized extract of the milk thistle seeds, containing a mixture of flavonolignans consisting of silibinin, isosilibinin, silicristin, silidianin and others. Silibinin itself is mixture of two diastereomers, silybin A and silybin B, in approximately equimolar ratio. Both in vitro and animal research suggest that silibinin has hepatoprotective (antihepatotoxic) properties that protect liver cells against toxins. Silibinin has also demonstrated in vitro anti-cancer effects against human prostate adenocarcinoma cells, estrogen-dependent and -independent human breast carcinoma cells, human ectocervical carcinoma cells, human colon cancer cells, and both small and nonsmall human lung carcinoma cells.
4. Indication:  Currently being tested as a treatment of severe intoxications with hepatotoxic substances, such as death cap (Amanita phalloides) poisoning.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pralidoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pralidoxime is an antidote to organophosphate pesticides and chemicals. Organophosphates bind to the esteratic site of acetylcholinesterase, which results initially in reversible inactivation of the enzyme. If given within 24 hours,after organophosphate exposure, pralidoxime reactivates the enzyme cholinesterase by cleaving the phosphate-ester bond formed between the organophosphate and acetylcholinesterase.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of poisoning due to those pesticides and chemicals of the organophosphate class which have anticholinesterase activity and in the control of overdosage by anticholinesterase drugs used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tofisopam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tofisopam (marketed under brand names Emandaxin and Grandaxin) is a 2,3-benzodiazepine drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. In contrast to classical 1,4-benzodiazepines, the compound does not bind to the benzodiazepine binding site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor and its psychopharmacological profile differs from such compounds. Although Tofisopam is not approved for sale in North America, it is approved for use in various countries worldwide, including parts of Europe. The D-enantiomer (dextofisopam) is currently in phase II trials in the U.S. for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nitrous acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nitrous acid (as sodium nitrite) is used as part of an intravenous mixture with sodium thiosulfate to treat cyanide poisoning. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, a list of the most important medications needed in a basic health system. There is also research to investigate its applicability towards treatments for heart attacks, brain aneurysms, pulmonary hypertension in infants, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections.
4. Indication:  For sequential use with sodium thiosulfate for the treatment of acute cyanide poisoning that is judged to be life-threatening [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Mersalyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mersalyl is the sodium salt form of mersalyl acid, a mercurial diuretic. It is an outdated drug, and its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. Mersalyl acid is currently replaced by less toxic non-mercury containing diuretics [4, 6]. The sodium salt of a mercury-containing derivative of salicylamide, was formerly used (often in combination with theophylline) to treat edema, due to its powerful diuretic properties [6]. Interestingly, it has been found to have antiviral properties in mice [13].
4. Indication:  Elevated blood pressure, edema [6, 14].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cinolazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinolazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Cinolazepam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety or anxiety associated with depressive symptoms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Podophyllin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the root of the plant Podophyllum sp. Berberidaceae (mandrake), which contains numerous compounds, among which podophyllotoxin. Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.
4. Indication:  25% podophyllin (in benzoin tincture) is indicated for the removal of soft genital (venereal) warts (condylomata acuminata).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bufotenine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A hallucinogenic serotonin analog found in frog or toad skins, mushrooms, higher plants, and mammals, especially in the brains, plasma, and urine of schizophrenics. Bufotenin has been used as a tool in CNS studies and misused as a psychedelic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hydroxocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxocobalamin, also known as vitamin B12a and hydroxycobalamin, is an injectable form of vitamin B 12 that has been used therapeutically to treat vitamin B 12 deficiency. Other uses include cyanide poisoning, Leber's optic atrophy, and toxic amblyopia.
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia and the prevention and treatment of vitamin B12 deficiency arising from alcoholism, malabsorption, tapeworm infestation, celiac, hyperthyroidism, hepatic-biliary tract disease, persistent diarrhea, ileal resection, pancreatic cancer, renal disease, prolonged stress, vegan diets, macrobiotic diets or other restrictive diets. Also for the treatment of known or suspected cyanide poisoning.
