DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Polatuzumab Vedotin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Polatuzumab Vedotin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Lymphoma, B-Cell, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Lymphoma, Follicular, Lymphoma, Follicular, Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, and Diffuse Large B-Cell Lymphoma, Lymphoma, Non Hodgkin, Lymphoma, Follicular, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Indium In-111
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Indium In-111 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00493454 (Ibritumomab Tiuxetan for Treatment of Non-Follicular CD20+ Indolent Lymphomas).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Allicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Allicin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Follicular Lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ellagic Acid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ellagic acid is present in several fruits such as cranberries, strawberries, raspberries, and pomegranates. In pomegranates, there are several therapeutic compounds but ellagic acid is the most active and abundant. Ellagic acid is also present in vegetables. Ellagic acid is an investigational drug studied for treatment of Follicular Lymphoma (phase 2 trial), protection from brain injury of intrauterine growth restricted babies (phase 1 and 2 trial), improvement of cardiovascular function in adolescents who are obese (phase 2 trial), and topical treatment of solar lentigines. Ellagic acid's therapeutic action mostly involves antioxidant and anti-proliferative effects.
4. Indication:  Ellagic acid is being investigated for use in follicular lymphoma, brain injury in intrauterine growth restricted babies, obese adolescents, and solar lentigines.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Entospletinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Entospletinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oncology, Follicular Lymphoma, B-cell Malignancies, Mantle Cell Lymphoma, and Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Galiximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Galiximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, bone metastases, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Urofollitropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Urofollitropin is a purified form of follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH) that is manufactured by extraction from human urine and then purified. It consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Urofollitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Urofollitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
4. Indication:  For treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lumiliximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lumiliximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody which is used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is a primatized anti-CD23 macaque/human chimeric antibody that inhibits the production of the IgE antibody, for the potential treatment of allergic conditions. Lumiliximab was developed by IDEC Pharmaceuticals, which was acquired by Biogen. Clinical trials for CLL were terminated in 2010, and for allergic asthma in 2007. Results published from the CLL clinical trial failed to meet primary endpoints.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and leukemia (lymphoid).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Duvelisib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Duvelisib has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Lymphoma, Leukemia, T-cell Lymphoma, Hepatic Impairment, and Follicular Lymphoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ulipristal
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ulipristal is a selective progesterone receptor modulator used for the purposes of emergency contraception (Ella) and for the treatment of uterine fibroids (Fibristal). It is a derivative of 19-norprogesterone and has both antagonistic and partial agonist activity at the progesterone receptor. It also binds to glucocorticoid receptor, however compared to mifepristone (a progesterone receptor antagonist), ulipristal is more tolerable and has lower glucocorticoid activity and better binding affinity. Ulipristal is currently recommended as first line therapy for emergency contraception, due to improved efficacy and similar side effect profile as compared to the traditional use of levonorgestrel or the Yuzpe regimen. The exact mechanism of action for ulipristal is still currently debated, though there is evidence that it functions by inhibiting ovulation. A recent systematic review proclaimed that the majority of available evidence demonstrates an inhibitory effect on ovulation rather than a post-fertilization effect on the endometrium, which has been heavily debated due to ethical concerns related to abortion (Rosato et al, 2016).
4. Indication:  As the product Ella (available in Canada and the US), ulipristal is indicated for use as emergency contraception after unprotected intercourse or possible contraceptive failure when administered within 120 hours (5 days) after unprotected intercourse or a known or suspected contraceptive failure. As the product Fibristal (available in Canada), ulipristal is indicated for treatment of the signs and symptoms of uterine fibroids in adult women.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Copanlisib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copanlisib is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. Copanlisib was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name Aliqopa for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is copanlisib dihydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tositumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Murine IgG2a lambda monoclonal antibody against CD20 antigen (2 heavy chains of 451 residues, 2 lambda chains of 220 residues). It is produced in an antibiotic-free culture of mammalian cells. It can be covalently linked to Iodine 131 (a radioactive isotope of iodine).
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma (CD20 positive, follicular)
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Tretinoin, also known as all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A (retinol). Retinoids such as tretinoin are important regulators of cell reproduction, proliferation, and differentiation and are used to treat acne and photodamaged skin and to manage keratinization disorders such as ichthyosis and keratosis follicularis. Tretinoin also represents the class of anticancer drugs called differentiating agents and is used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).
4. Indication:  For the the induction of remission in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), French-American-British (FAB) classification M3 (including the M3 variant); For the topical treatment of acne vulgaris, flat warts and other skin conditions (psoriasis, ichthyosis congenita, icthyosis vulgaris, lamellar icthyosis, keratosis palmaris et plantaris, epidermolytic hyperkeratosis, senile comedones, senile keratosis, keratosis follicularis (Darier's disease), and basal cell carcinomas.); For palliative therapy to improve fine wrinkling, mottled hyperpigmentation, roughness associated with photodamage.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Leuprolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Leuprolide belongs to the general class of drugs known as hormones or hormone antagonists. It is a synthetic 9 residue peptide analog of gonadotropin releasing hormone. Leuprolide is used to treat advanced prostate cancer. It is also used to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis. Leuprolide is also under investigation for possible use in the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Norelgestromin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Norelgestromin is a drug used in contraception. Norelgestromin is the active progestin responsible for the progestational activity that occurs in women after application of ORTHO EVRA patch.
4. Indication:  Norelgestromin is used for contraception and menopausal hormonal therapy. Norelgestromin may potentially be used in breast cancer treatment due to its inhibitory effect on estrone sulfatase . They convert sulfated steroid precursors to estrogen during pregnancy. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Chlorambucil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic agent for the treatment of various malignant and nonmalignant diseases. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic lymphatic (lymphocytic) leukemia, childhood minimal-change nephrotic syndrome, and malignant lymphomas including lymphosarcoma, giant follicular lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, and Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Idelalisib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idelalisib is a phosphoinositide 3-kinase inhibitor indicated in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), relapsed follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (FL), and relapsed small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). For the treatment of relapsed CLL, it is currently indicated as a second-line agent in combination with rituximab in patients for whom rituximab alone would be considered appropriate therapy due to other co-morbidities, while in the treatment of FL and SLL it is intended to be used in patients who have received at least two prior systemic therapies. More specifically, idelalisib targets P110δ, the delta isoform of the enzyme phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase, also known as PI-3K. The PI-3Ks are a family of enzymes involved in cellular functions such as cell growth, proliferation, differentiation, motility, survival and intracellular trafficking, which in turn are involved in cancer. In contrast to the other class IA PI3Ks p110α and p110β, p110δ is principally expressed in leukocytes (white blood cells) and is important for the function of T cells, B cell, mast cells and neutrophils. By inhibiting this enzyme, idelalisib induces apoptosis of malignant cells and inhibits several cell signaling pathways, including B-cell receptor (BCR) signaling and C-X-C chemokine receptors type 5 and type 4 signalling, which are involved in trafficking and homing of B-cells to the lymph nodes and bone marrow. Treatment of lymphoma cells with idelalisib has been shown to result in inhibition of chemotaxis and adhesion, and reduced cell viability.
4. Indication:  Idelalisib is indicated in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), relapsed follicular B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (FL), and relapsed small lymphocytic lymphoma (SLL). For the treatment of relapsed CLL, it is currently indicated as a second-line agent in combination with rituximab in patients for whom rituximab alone would be considered appropriate therapy due to other co-morbidities, while in the treatment of FL and SLL it is intended to be used in patients who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Abarelix
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Synthetic decapeptide antagonist to gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH). It is marketed by Praecis Pharmaceuticals as Plenaxis. Praecis announced in June 2006 that it was voluntarily withdrawing the drug from the market.
4. Indication:  For palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Adapalene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adapalene is a topical retinoid primarily used in the treatment of acne and is also used (off-label) to treat keratosis pilaris as well as other skin conditions. It is currently marketed by Galderma under the trade names Differin in some countries, and Adaferin in India.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of comedo, papular and pustular acne (acne vulgaris) of the face, chest or back.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  PPI-2458
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PPI-2458 represents a potentially new and important addition to the growing list of therapeutics aimed at specific molecular oncology targets. PPI-2458 is a novel, proprietary molecule belonging to the fumagillin class of compounds that specifically targets the MetAP-2 enzyme. This class of compounds has been shown to prevent both abnormal cell growth and the formation of new blood vessels (known as angiogenesis), which contribute to the growth of aberrant tissues in diseases such as cancer and rheumatoid arthritis. Clinical development with previous fumagillin derivatives has been limited by their toxicity profile. In preclinical studies to date, PPI-2458 has demonstrated the potent pharmacologic activity of this class of compounds while displaying an improved pharmacokinetic and toxicity profile.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's) and solid tumors.
