DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Isavuconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isavuconazole is an triazole antifungal with broad spectrum of activity and good safety profile [1]. It is approved by the FDA and EMA for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis. It works by inhibiting fungal cell membrane synthesis. Invasive fungal infections pose significant clinical challenges for patients, especially those who are immunocompromised. In vitro, most of the Candida species, most Aspergillus species, Mucorales, Cryptococcus spp., Fusarium species, dermatophytes and dimorphic fungi displayed susceptibility to isavuconzaole [3]. Resistance to isavuconazole has been associated with the mutation in the target gene CYP51 [FDA Label]. Cross-resistance between isavuconazole and other azoles was also proposed although the clinical relevance is unclear [FDA Label]. Its prodrug, Isavuconazonium, is commonly used as an active ingredient in commercially available formulations due to low water solubility of isavuconazole. The prodrug formulation of isavuconazole is FDA- and EMA-approved and is marketed under the trade name Cresemba for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and mucormycosis as oral or intravenous administration. The intravenous formulation is cyclodextrin-free which gives isavuconazole an advantage over other azole antifungals that requires cyclodextrin for facilitating drug solubility; this is because cyclodextrin has a potential for nephrotoxicity [3]. It is proposed that the intravenous and oral dosing can be used interchangeably [4], without the need for a repeat loading dose when transitioning from an IV to an oral formulation [1]. Isavuconazonium displays excellent water solubility for intravenous formulations, good absorption, and enhanced oral bioavailability [1]. Following administration, isavuconazonium undergoes biotransformation to form the active moiety, isavuconazole, for the antifungal actions.
4. Indication:  Indicated for patients 18 years of age and older for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis [FDA Label].Indicated for patients 18 years of age and older for the treatment of invasive mucormycosis [FDA Label], including patients where treatment amphotericin B is inappropriate [4].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Isavuconazonium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isavuconazonium is a second-generation triazole antifungal approved on March 6, 2015 by the FDA for the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis, marketed by Astellas under the brand Cresemba. It is the prodrug form of isavuconazole, the active moiety, and it is available in oral and parenteral formulations. Due to low solubility in water of isavuconazole on its own, the isovuconazonium formulation is favorable as it has high solubility in water and allows for intravenous administration. This formulation also avoids the use of a cyclodextrin vehicle for solubilization required for intravenous administration of other antifungals such as voriconazole and posaconazole, eliminating concerns of nephrotoxicity associated with cyclodextrin. Isovuconazonium has excellent oral bioavailability, predictable pharmacokinetics, and a good safety profile, making it a reasonable alternative to its few other competitors on the market. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of invasive aspergillosis and invasive mucormycosis.
