DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Laronidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tarextumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tarextumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Stage IV Pancreatic Cancer, and Stage IV Small Cell Lung Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  PSN9301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN9301 is an oral small molecule inhibitor of Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DP-IV), being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. PSN9301 has a very rapid onset and a relatively short duration of action, and available pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that it may be an ideal product candidate for meal-related dosing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  DAS-431 IV
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DAS-431 IV is a dopamine D1 receptor agonist developed by DrugAbuse Sciences for the treatment of Addictions, Schizophrenia, Schizoaffective Disorders, Dementia, Parkinson's Disease, Strokes etc. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, dementia, parkinson's disease, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and strokes.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  KRP-104
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KRP-104 is a compound for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is an orally active, dipeptidyl peptidase-IV (DPPIV) inhibitor which lowers blood glucose levels by blocking the degradation of the hormone GLP-1 thereby stimulating glucose-dependent insulin secretion and lowering blood glucose levels without hypoglycemic effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cilastatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A renal dehydropeptidase-I and leukotriene D4 dipeptidase inhibitor. Since the antibiotic, imipenem, is hydrolyzed by dehydropeptidase-I, which resides in the brush border of the renal tubule, cilastatin is administered with imipenem to increase its effectiveness. The drug also inhibits the metabolism of leukotriene D4 to leukotriene E4. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Combined intravenously with imipenem in order to protect it from dehydropeptidase and prolong its antibacterial effect.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Etaracizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Etaracizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Psoriasis, Renal Cell Carcinoma, Stage IV Renal Cell Cancer, Recurrent Renal Cell Cancer, and Stage III Renal Cell Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Immune Globulin Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.
4. Indication:  IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. These indications includes idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Kawasaki disease, hypogammaglobulinemia, B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, bone marrow transplant complications, Guillain-Barré syndrome, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, myesthenia gravis, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and inflammatory skin diseases.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Glypromate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neuren Pharmaceuticals was developing Glypromate (glycine-proline glutamate), a naturally occurring small-molecule neuroprotectant derived from IGF-1 which inhibits caspase III dependent apoptosis, for the potential treatment of neurodegenerative diseases by IV infusion. In December 2008, the company discontinued further development of the drug after it failed to show an observable effect.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Imipenem
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic thienamycin that has a wide spectrum of antibacterial activity against gram-negative and gram-positive aerobic and anaerobic bacteria, including many multiresistant strains. It is stable to beta-lactamases. Clinical studies have demonstrated high efficacy in the treatment of infections of various body systems. Its effectiveness is enhanced when it is administered in combination with cilastatin, a renal dipeptidase inhibitor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Vildagliptin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vildagliptin, previously identified as LAF237, is a new oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the new dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs. Vildagliptin inhibits the inactivation of GLP-1 and GIP by DPP-4, allowing GLP-1 and GIP to potentiate the secretion of insulin in the beta cells and suppress glucaon release by the alpha cells of the islets of Langerhans in the pancreas. It is currently in clinical trials in the U.S. and has been shown to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus. While the drug is still not approved for use in the US, it was approved in Feb 2008 by European Medicines Agency for use within the EU and is listed on the Australian PBS with certain restrictions.
4. Indication:  Used to reduce hyperglycemia in type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Piperacillin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum, ampicillin derived ureidopenicillin antibiotic proposed for pseudomonas infections. It is also used in combination with other antibiotics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of polymicrobial infections.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mesobiliverdin Iv Alpha
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Galactose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galactose has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Hepatic Cancer, Wilsons Disease, Diabetic Macular Oedema, and Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Gadoxetic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadoxetic acid (gadoxetate) is a paramagnetic gadolinium-containing contrast agent in which its salt form, gadoxetate disodium, is used for intravenous injection. Ethoxybenzyl diethylenetriaminepentaacetic acid is the moiety that chelates with a gadolinium ion and forms a stable complex with it to make up the drug. It is marketed by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals and FDA approved on July 3, 2008.
4. Indication:  Gadoxetate is used as a contrast medium for magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to detect and characterize lesions in the liver. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Diatrizoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A commonly used x-ray contrast medium. As diatrizoate meglumine and as Diatrizoate sodium, it is used for gastrointestinal studies, angiography, and urography. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used, alone or in combination, for a wide variety of diagnostic imaging methods, including angiography, urography, cholangiography, computed tomography, hysterosalpingography, and retrograde pyelography. It can be used for imaging the gastrointestinal tract in patients allergic to barium.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
