DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OC-1012
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OC-1012 is a compound which has emerged as a promising therapeutic agent for the treatment and prevention of mucositis, a serious side effect of chemotherapy and head and neck radiation therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Entolimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Entolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mucositis, Tongue Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Stage IVA Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, and Stage IVB Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Velafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Velafermin was a novel investigational protein therapeutic, also known as fibroblast growth factor-20 (FGF-20), which promotes both epithelial and mesenchymal cell proliferation in vitro and has demonstrated activity in multiple animal models. Velafermin was investigated as a potential therapy for the prevention and treatment of oral mucositis by fostering the regeneration and repair of the cells lining the gastrointestinal tract.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Meclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meclocycline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00385515 (Efficacy of SNX-1012 in the Treatment of Oral Mucositis) [3].
4. Indication:  Currently under investigation for the topical treatment of ulcerative oral mucositis [3]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Brilacidin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Brilacidin is under investigation for the supportive care of Mucositis, Stomatitis, Mouth Diseases, and Head and Neck Neoplasms.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dusquetide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dusquetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Oral Mucositis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pralatrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pralatrexate is an antimetabolite for the treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. It is more efficiently retained in cancer cells than methotrexate. FDA approved on September 24, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Curcumin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Curcumin is under investigation for the treatment and supportive care of Mucositis, Rectal Cancer, Prostate Cancer, Chronic Schizophrenia, and Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI), among others. Curcumin has been investigated for the treatment and supportive care of Proteinuria, Breast Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, Major Depression, and Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Bardoxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bardoxolone has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA and Solid Tumors. It is a synthetic triterpenoid and a highly potent activator of redox-sensitive signaling pathways that induce programmed cell death (apoptosis) in cancer cells that are under high levels of intrinsic oxidative stress. In contrast, Bardoxolone in normal cells induces protective antioxidant/anti-inflammatory responses.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Epirubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthracycline which is the 4'-epi-isomer of doxorubicin. The compound exerts its antitumor effects by interference with the synthesis and function of DNA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as a component of adjuvant therapy in patients with evidence of axillary node tumor involvement following resection of primary breast cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Regorafenib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Regorafenib is an orally-administered inhibitor of multiple kinases. It is used for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and advanced gastrointestinal stromal tumours. FDA approved on September 27, 2012. Approved use of Regorafenib was expanded to treat Hepatocellular Carcinoma in April, 2017.
4. Indication:  Regorafenib is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic colorectal cancer (CRC) who have been previously treated with fluoropyrimidine-, oxaliplatin- and irinotecan-based chemotherapy, an anti-VEGF therapy, and, if KRAS wild type, an anti-EGFR therapy. Regorafenib is also indicated for the treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic gastrointestinal stromal tumor (GIST) who have been previously treated with imatinib mesylate and sunitinib malate.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acetylcysteine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcysteine (also known as N-acetylcysteine or N-acetyl-L-cysteine or NAC) is primarily used as a mucolytic agent and in the management of acetaminophen poisoning. It is a derivative of cysteine with an acetyl group attached to the amino group of cysteine. NAC is essentially a prodrug that is converted to cysteine (in the intestine by the enzyme aminoacylase 1) and absorbed in the intestine into the blood stream. Cysteine is a key constituent to glutathione and hence administration of acetylcysteine replenishes glutathione stores. Acetylcysteine can also be used as a general antioxidant which can help mitigate symptoms for a variety of diseases exacerbated by reactive oxygen species (ROS). For instance, acetylcysteine is commonly used in individuals with renal impairment to prevent the precipitation of acute renal failure. Acetylcysteine has been shown to have efficacy in treating mild to moderate traumatic brain injury including ischemic brain injury, particularly in reducing neuronal losses, and also reducing cognitive and neurological symptoms when administered promptly after injury. N-acetylcysteine is now widely used in the treatment of HIV, and it has reported efficacy in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and contrast-induced nephropathy. Acetylcysteine is also being successfully used to treat a variety of neuropsychiatric and neurodegenerative disorders including cocaine, cannabis, and smoking addictions, Alzheimer's and Parkinson's diseases, autism, compulsive and grooming disorders, schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder. Recent data also shows that N-acetylcysteine inhibits muscle fatigue and can be used to enhance performance in endurance events and in exercise and endurance training.Acetylcysteine is also undergoing clinical trials as RK-0202, an oral rinse for the prevention and treatment of mucositis. It is comprised of acetylcysteine in a polymer matrix.
4. Indication:  Acetylcysteine is used mainly as a mucolytic and in the management of paracetamol (acetaminophen) overdose.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Docetaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Docetaxel is a clinically well established anti-mitotic chemotherapy medication used mainly for the treatment of breast, ovarian, and non-small cell lung cancer. Docetaxel binds to microtubules reversibly with high affinity and has a maximum stoichiometry of one mole docetaxel per mole tubulin in microtubules.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer after failure of prior chemotherapy. Also used as a single agent in the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of prior platinum-based chemotherapy. It is also used in combination with prednisone, in the treatment of patients with androgen independent (hormone refractory) metastatic prostate cancer. Furthermore, docetaxel has uses in the treatment of gastric adenocarinoma and head and neck cancer. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Paclitaxel
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Paclitaxel is a mitotic inhibitor used in cancer chemotherapy. It was discovered in a US National Cancer Institute program at the Research Triangle Institute in 1967 when Monroe E. Wall and Mansukh C. Wani isolated it from the bark of the Pacific yew tree, Taxus brevifolia and named it taxol. Later it was discovered that endophytic fungi in the bark synthesize paclitaxel.When it was developed commercially by Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS), the generic name was changed to paclitaxel and the BMS compound is sold under the trademark Taxol. In this formulation, paclitaxel is dissolved in Kolliphor EL and ethanol, as a delivery agent. A newer formulation, in which paclitaxel is bound to albumin, is sold under the trademark Abraxane. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma and cancer of the lung, ovarian, and breast. Abraxane® is specfically indicated for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer and locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
