DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Laronidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iodofiltic acid I-123
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac ischemia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  P113D
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  P113D is a novel 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide drug derived from histatins, which are compounds found naturally in human saliva. It is being pursued as a potential treatment for cystic fibrosis by Demegen, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of cystic fibrosis and bacterial infections.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tigecycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tigecycline is a glycylcycline antibiotic developed and marketed by Wyeth under the brand name Tygacil. It was given a U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) fast-track approval and was approved on June 17, 2005. It was developed in response to the growing prevalence of antibiotic resistance in bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the following conditions: Complicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Escherichia coli, Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible and -resistant isolates), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), Streptococcus pyogenes and Bacteroides fragilis. Complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by Citrobacter freundii, Enterobacter cloacae, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella oxytoca, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterococcus faecalis (vancomycin-susceptible isolates only), Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus anginosus grp. (includes S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus), Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, Bacteroides uniformis, Bacteroides vulgatus, Clostridium perfringens, and Peptostreptococcus micros.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ty800
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ty800 is a vaccine designed to offer rapid, oral, single-dose protection against Salmonella typhi, the cause of typhoid fever. The Ty800 vaccine was developed using genetic techniques to delete specific genes known to be essential to the virulence of S. typhi. It is being developed by AVANT Immunotherapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the production of immunity to Salmonella typhi, the cause of typhoid fever.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Naftifine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naftifine is a synthetic, broad spectrum, antifungal agent and allylamine derivative for the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Oxiconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxiconazole nitrate (U.S.: Oxistat, Canada: Oxizole) is an antifungal medication typically administered in a cream or lotion to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch and ringworm. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of dermal fungal infection.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iodide I-123
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodide I-123 (as sodium Iodide I-123) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, I-123 is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive I-123 in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131.
4. Indication:  Administration of Sodium Iodide I 123 Capsules is indicated as a diagnostic procedure to be used in evaluating thyroid function and/or morphology.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Meropenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem antibiotic. It is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Meropenem exerts its action by penetrating bacterial cells readily and interfering with the synthesis of vital cell wall components, which leads to cell death.In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name vabomere was approved for treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of meropenem and Vaborbactam and is intravenously admininstered. The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms and achieve negative urine culture, where the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.
4. Indication:  For use as single agent therapy for the treatment of the following infections when caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: complicated skin and skin structure infections due to Staphylococcus aureus (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase producing, methicillin-susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, viridans group streptococci, Enterococcus faecalis (excluding vancomycin-resistant isolates), Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis and Peptostreptococcus species; complicated appendicitis and peritonitis caused by viridans group streptococci, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, B. thetaiotaomicron, and Peptostreptococcus species. Also for use in the treatment of bacterial meningitis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase-producing isolates), and Neisseria meningitidis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  N-alkyl ethylbenzyl dimethyl ammonium (c12-c14)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  N-alkyl ethylbenzyl dimethyl ammonium (c12-c14) is a quaternary ammonium compound with surfactant properties. It is found in sanitizing solutions or soaps as an active ingredient due to its antimicrobial properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  REP8839
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REP8839 is a novel methionyl-tRNA synthetase (MetS) inhibitor being developed by Replidyne (GlaxoSmithKline licensed REP8839 to Replidyne in June of 2003).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms (Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant S. aureus (MRSA), and Streptococcus pyogenes).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tetra(Imidazole)Diaquacopper (I)
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nalidixic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms, including the majority of E. Coli, Enterobacter species, Klebsiella species, and Proteus species.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Mezlocillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Semisynthetic ampicillin-derived acylureido penicillin. It has been proposed for infections with certain anaerobes and may be useful in inner ear, bile, and CNS infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat serious gram–negative infections of the lungs, urinary tract, and skin.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  CX157
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CX157,3-fluoro-7-(2,2,2,-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxathiin-10,10-dioxide, is a reversible, selective inhibitor of MAO-A designed to have improved oral bioavailability and reduced clearance compared to previous MAO-A inhibitors of this class.
4. Indication:  Anxiety Disorders I,Depression I
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Roxithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Roxithromycin is a semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic. It is very similar in composition, chemical structure and mechanism of action to erythromycin, azithromycin, or clarithromycin. Roxithromycin prevents bacteria from growing, by interfering with their protein synthesis. Roxithromycin binds to the subunit 50S of the bacterial ribosome, and thus inhibits the translocation of peptides. Roxithromycin has similar antimicrobial spectrum as erythromycin, but is more effective against certain gram-negative bacteria, particularly Legionella pneumophila. It can treat respiratory tract, urinary and soft tissue infections. It is not available in the United States, but is available in Australia. 
4. Indication:  Used to treat respiratory tract, urinary and soft tissue infections.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Enoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults (≥18 years of age) with the following infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urethral or cervical gonorrhea due to Neisseria gonorrhoeae, (2) uncomplicated urinary tract infections (cystitis) due to Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Staphylococcus saprophyticus, and (3) complicated urinary tract infections due to Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Enterobacter cloacae.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Carbenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad-spectrum semisynthetic penicillin derivative used parenterally. It is susceptible to gastric juice and penicillinase and may damage platelet function. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria due to susceptible strains of bacteria.
