DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.
4. Indication:  Used in preventing and treating iron-deficiency anemia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Mecasermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mecasermin contains recombinant-DNA-engineered human insulin-like growth factor-1 (rhIGF-1). IGF-1 consists of 70 amino acids in a single chain with three intramolecular disulfide bridges and a molecular weight of 7649 daltons. The amino acid sequence of the product is identical to that of endogenous human IGF-1. The rhIGF-1 protein is synthesized in bacteria (E. coli) that have been modified by the addition of the gene for human IGF-1.
4. Indication:  For the long-term treatment of growth failure in pediatric patients with Primary IGFD or with GH gene deletion who have developed neutralizing antibodies to GH. It is not indicated to treat Secondary IGFD resulting from GH deficiency, malnutrition, hypothyroidism or other causes; it is not a substitute for GH therapy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Folic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (poaceae). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevention of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cyanocobalamin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Cyanocobalamin (commonly known as Vitamin B12) is the most chemically complex of all vitamins. Its chemical structure is based on a corrin ring, which, although quite similar to the porphyrin ring found in heme, chlorophyll, and cytochrome, has two of the pyrrole rings directly bonded. The central metal ion in cyanocobalamin is Co (cobalt). Cyanocobalamin (Vitamin B12) is not produced by plants or by animals. The only organisms that have the enzymes required for the synthesis of cyanocobalamin are bacteria and archaea [10].Higher plants do not utilize cyanocobalamin from the soil, and are therefore a poor source of the substance as compared with animal tissues, which are potent in cyanocobalamin [10].Vitamin B12 is naturally found in animal products, including fish, meat, poultry, eggs, milk, and milk products. Vitamin B12 is generally not present in plant foods, but fortified breakfast cereals are a readily available source of vitamin B12 with high bioavailability for vegetarian consumers. Various nutritional yeast products also contain vitamin B12 [12].The main causes of vitamin B12 deficiency include vitamin B12 malabsorption, pernicious anemia, postsurgical malabsorption, and lastly, dietary deficiency. In many cases, however, the cause of deficiency is unknown [12].
4. Indication:  For treatment of pernicious anemia (due to lack of or inhibition of intrinsic factor) and for prevention and treatment of vitamin B 12 deficiency [12], [15].Values below approximately 170–250 pg/mL (120–180 picomol/L) for adults suggest a vitamin B12 deficiency. Despite this, evidence suggests that serum vitamin B12 concentrations may not accurately reflect intracellular concentrations of the vitamin [12]. It is therefore difficult to diagnose vitamin B12 deficiency.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Cholecalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Derivative of 7-dehydroxycholesterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from ergocalciferol in having a single bond between C22 and C23 and lacking a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Vitamin C
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin C deficiency, scurvy, delayed wound and bone healing, urine acidification, and in general as an antioxidant. It has also been suggested to be an effective antiviral agent.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Palmitic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  A common saturated fatty acid found in fats and waxes including olive oil, palm oil, and body lipids. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ergocalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ergocalciferol (Vitamin D2) is a derivative of ergosterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from cholecalciferol in having a double bond between C22 and C23 and a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For use in the management of hypocalcemia and its clinical manifestations in patients with hypoparathyroidism, as well as for the treatment of familial hypophosphatemia (vitamin D resistant rickets). This drug has also been used in the treatment of nutritional rickets or osteomalacia, vitamin D dependent rickets, rickets or osteomalacia secondary to long-term high dose anticonvulsant therapy, early renal osteodystrophy, osteoporosis (in conjunction with calcium), and hypophosphatemia associated with Fanconi syndrome (with treatment of acidosis).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ferrous asparto glycinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferrous asparto glycinate is an iron-amino acid chelate. It is available as a dietary supplement used in the treatment of iron deficiency and iron deficiency anemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Somatorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somatorelin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Aging, Elderly, Sleep Disorders, Hormone Deficiency, and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Manganese
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Manganese is a transition metal with a molar mass of 54.94g/mol. Manganese is considered critical for human health, and plays important roles in development, metabolism, and the antioxidant system. That said, excessive manganese intake is associated with manganism, a neurodegenerative disorder that causes dopaminergic neuronal death and parkinsonian-like symptoms.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN). Administration helps to maintain plasma levels and to prevent depletion of endogenous stores and subsequent deficiency symptoms.
