DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Verdiperstat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Verdiperstat has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Multiple System Atrophy (MSA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ospemifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ospemifene is a new selective non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is used for the treatment of moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause. FDA approved on February 26, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ospemifene is used for the treatment of moderate to dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens A are composed of a blend of the following nine synthetic estrogenic substances: estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, and sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate. This blend of nine estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Enjuvia (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lampalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lampalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  BLX-883
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BLX-883 is a form of alfa interferon developed by Biolex for the treatment of hepatitis viral C. Alfa interferon is used in the treatment of hepatitis C, hepatitis B, and multiple cancers and its worldwide sales currently exceed $3 billion.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Conjugated estrogens
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Conjugated estrogens, or Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are composed of a mixture of the water-soluble salts of sulfate esters from estrone, equilin, 17 α-dihydroequilin, and other related steroids that are purified from pregnant horse urine. Available as the product Premarin (FDA), this combination of equine-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the following conditions: treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause; hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure; palliation of metastatic breast cancer; palliation of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate; and for prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis.All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form.
4. Indication:  Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are indicated for the following conditions: treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause; hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration or primary ovarian failure; palliation of metastatic breast cancer; palliation of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate; and for prevention of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lasofoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lasofoxifene is a non-steroidal 3rd generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that selectively binds to both ERα and ERβ with high affinity. It is a naphthalene derivative marketed for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and for the treatment of vaginal atrophy. It was initially developed as Oporia by Pfizer as a treatment for postmenopausal osteoporosis and vaginal atrophy, in which were both rejected for approval by FDA. Later Fablyn was developed as a result of a research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand Pharmaceuticals with a newly submitted New Drug Application in 2008. It gained approval by European Commission in March 2009. Ligand Pharmaceuticals signed a license agreement with Sermonix Pharmaceuticals for the development and commercialization of oral lasofoxifene in the USA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce the risk of both vertebral and novertebral fractures, as well as address other postmenopausal conditions, including reduction in risk of breast cancer and treatment of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA)
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Landogrozumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Landogrozumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Cancer, Muscular Atrophy, and Pancreatic Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ATL1102
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL1102 is a second-generation antisense inhibitor of CD49d, an immunesystem protein known as VLA-4, an immune cell molecule. It works by entering cells and targeting genes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tesidolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Enasidenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enasidenib is an orally available treatment for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with specific mutations in the isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (IDH2) gene, which is a recurrent mutation detected in 12-20% of adult patients with AML [1, 2]. Patients eligible for this treatment are selected by testing the presence of IDH2 mutations in the blood or bone marrow. This small molecule acts as an allosteric inhibitor of mutant IDH2 enzyme to prevent cell growth, and it also has shown to block several other enzymes that play a role in abnormal cell differentiation. First developed by Agios Pharmaceuticals and licensed to Celgene, enasidenib was approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 1, 2017.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with an isocitrate dehydrogenase-2 (IDH2) mutation.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Dienogest
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic progestogen which also possesses the properties of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone and has antiandrogenic properties. It is primarily used as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol, or in other combination form pills approved in United States and Europe however it is not available in the US by itself. In Europe, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Japan, dienogest single therapy is an approved treatment for endometriosis to alleviate painful symptoms of endometriosis and reduce endometriotic lesions [1]. Dienogest is commonly marketed as Visanne, Natazia and Qlaira.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as the treatment of endometriosis alone and as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ibudilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibudilast is an anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective oral agent which shows an excellent safety profile at 60 mg/day and provides significantly prolonged time-to-first relapse and attenuated brain volume shrinkage in patients with relapsing-remitting (RR) and/or secondary progressive (SP) multiple sclerosis (MS). Ibudilast is currently in development in the U.S. (codes: AV-411 or MN-166), but is approved for use as an antiinflammatory in Japan.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of multiple sclerosis, asthma, and cerebrovascular disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  MM-093
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MM-093 is a recombinant version of human alpha-fetoprotein (hAFP), an immunomodulatory serum protein normally produced at very high levels by the fetus and present in low levels in the blood of adults and children. Research on AFP suggests that it may play a role in modulating the immune system of the mother in order to protect the developing fetus during pregnancy. The presence of hAFP in the pregnant mother’s blood has long been associated with remission of many autoimmune diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis, during the third trimester of pregnancy. Current studies are assessing MM-093’s potential to improve the treatment of autoimmune disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hydrocortamate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydrocortamate is a synthetic glucocorticoid used for its anti-inflammatory or immunosuppressive properties to treat inflammation due to corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Glucocorticoids are a class of steroid hormones characterised by an ability to bind with the cortisol receptor and trigger a variety of important cardiovascular, metabolic, immunologic and homeostatic effects.
4. Indication:  Used topically as an antiinflammatory in the treatment of steroid-responsive dermatoses
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Laquinimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Laquinimod is an immunomodulator developed by Active Biotech and produced by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. It is currently under development in phase III trials for treatment of multiple sclerosis as an oral therapy, like fingolimod. It has been shown to reduce disease activity on magnetic resonance imaging and to be well tolerated orally.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
