DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dulaglutide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dulaglutide is a novel glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug consisting of a dipeptidyl peptidase-IV-protected GLP-1 analogue covalently linked to a human IgG4-Fc heavy chain by a small peptide linker. Dulaglutide is indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes and can be used once a week. It was approved by the FDA in September 2014. Dulaglutide is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lily under the brand Trulicity™. It is not known if dulaglutide can increase the risk of medullary thyroid carcinoma or multiple endocrine neoplasia syndrome type 2, and is thus not recommended for use in populations with a personal or family history of these conditions. 
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Albiglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Albiglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-1 agonist (GLP-1) biologic drug indicated in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. It is marketed under the brands Eperzan and Tanzeum by GSK (GlaxoSmithKline). It is a dipeptidyl peptidase-4-resistant glucagon-like peptide-1 dimer fused to human albumin. Albiglutide was approved on April 15, 2014 by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2b, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Interferon alpha 2b (human leukocyte clone hif-sn 206 protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with arginine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Interferon alfa-n3
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified, natural (n is for natural) human interferon alpha proteins (consists of 3 forms or polymorphisms including 2a, 2b and 2c). 166 residues, some are glycosylated (MW range from 16 kD to 27 kD).
4. Indication:  For the intralesional treatment of refractory or recurring external condylomata acuminata.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cepeginterferon alfa-2B
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cepeginterferon alfa-2B is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01889433 (An Open-label Comparative Efficacy and Safety Study of Algeron (Cepeginterferon Alfa-2b) in Treatment-naive Patients With Chronic Hepatitis C).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Interferon alfacon-1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Albinterferon Alfa-2B
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albumin-interferon alpha (Albuferon) is a novel, long-acting form of interferon alpha. Recombinant interferon alpha is approved for the treatment of hepatitis C, hepatitis B, and a broad range of cancers. Human Genome Sciences modified interferon alpha to improve its pharmacological properties by using the company's proprietary albumin fusion technology. Human Genome Sciences is developing Albuferon as a potential treatment for chronic hepatitis C. The drug was under investigation as an alternative to pegylated IFN-α-2a for the treatment of hepatitis C. In response to an FDA ruling, Novartis and Human Genome Sciences announced on October 5, 2010 that they ceased development of the drug.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Clonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonidine, an imidazoline-derivative hypotensive agent is a centrally-acting α2-adrenergic agonist. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts in the hypothalamus to induce a decrease in blood pressure. It may also be administered as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone. Clonidine may be used for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients. Other uses for clonidine include prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clonidine also exhibits some peripheral activity. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Toremifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A first generation nonsteroidal selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is structurally related to tamoxifen. Like tamoxifen, it is an estrogen agonist for bone tissue and cholesterol metabolism but is antagonistic on mammary and uterine tissue. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic breast cancer in postmenopausal women with estrogen receptor-positive or receptor-unknown tumors. Toremifene is currently under investigation as a preventative agent for prostate cancer in men with high-grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia and no evidence of prostate cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Goserelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Goserelin is a synthetic hormone. In men, it stops the production of the hormone testosterone, which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells. In women, goserelin decreases the production of the hormone estradiol (which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells) to levels similar to a postmenopausal state. When the medication is stopped, hormone levels return to normal.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hormone-sensitive cancers of the breast (in pre- and peri- menopausal women) and prostate, and some benign gynaecological disorders (endometriosis, uterine fibroids and endometrial thinning). In addition, goserelin is used in assisted reproduction and in the treatment of precocious puberty.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  CCX915
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX915 is developed by ChemoCentryx which targets the chemokine receptor CCR2 and is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis and Neurologic Disorders. The CCR2 receptor is thought to be of central importance to inflammatory diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (MS), Type II diabetes and atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  INCB13739
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INCB13739 is developed as a new treatment for type 2 diabetes.It is an orally available small molecule inhibitor of 11beta-HSD1 (11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1). 11beta-HSD1 is an enzyme that appears to be critical to the development of type 2 diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2 and diabetes prevention.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Abemaciclib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abemaciclib is an antitumor agent and dual inhibitor of cyclin-dependent kinases 4 (CDK4) and 6 (CDK6) that are involved in the cell cycle and promotion of cancer cell growth in case of unregulated activity. On September 28, 2017, FDA granted approval of abemaciclib treatment under the market name Verzenio for the treatment of HR-positive and HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer that has progressed after unsuccessful endocrine therapy. It is either given alone in patients who has undergone endocrine therapy and chemotherapy after the metastasis of cancer, or in combination with Fulvestrant. Following oral treatment in patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative breast cancer, abemaciclib demonstrated increased progression-free survival rates and objective response rates. Abemaciclib has been used in trials studying the treatment of melanoma, lymphoma, neoplasm, solid tumor, and glioblastoma.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with fulvestrant for the treatment of women with hormone receptor (HR)-positive, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy. Inidicated as monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with HR-positive, HER2-negative advanced or metastatic breast cancer with disease progression following endocrine therapy and prior chemotherapy in the metastatic setting. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tacedinaline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tacedinaline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Cancer, Multiple Myeloma, and Pancreatic Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Interferon beta-1b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human interferon beta (165 residues), cysteine 17 is substituted with serine. Produced in E. coli, no carbohydrates, MW=18.5kD
4. Indication:  Interferon beta-1b is a drug used for the treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis. It has been shown to slow the advance of the disease as well as to decrease the frequency of attacks.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Interferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human interferon beta (166 residues), glycosylated, MW=22.5kD. It is produced by mammalian cells (Chinese Hamster Ovary cells) into which the human interferon beta gene has been introduced. The amino acid sequence is identical to that of natural human interferon beta.
4. Indication:  For treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis, also for condyloma acuminatum
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Peginterferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon beta-1a is an interferon beta-1a to which a single, linear 20,000 dalton (Da) methoxy poly(ethyleneglycol)-O-2-methylpropionaldehyde (PEG) molecule is covalently attached to the alpha amino group of the N-terminal amino acid residue. The amino acid sequence of the recombinant interferon beta-1a is identical to that of the human interferon beta counterpart. Although it's mechanism of action is unknown, peginterferon beta-1a is indicated for use in relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS).Interferon beta was the first drug to alter the course of MS, however multiple side effects and the need for weekly subcutaneous injection make it difficult to use. Interferon beta was subsequently PEGylated (covalently attached to polyethylene glycol) to extend its duration of action to every 14 days. It is currently available as peginterferon beta-1a as the FDA-approved product Plegridy.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Enzalutamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enzalutamide is an androgen receptor inhibitor for the treatment of castration-resistant prostate cancer. FDA approved on August 31, 2012.
4. Indication:  Enzalutamide is indicated for the treatment of patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer who have previously received docetaxel.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  rGLP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rGLP-1 is a continuous infusion of glucagon-like peptide 1, or GLP-1, targeted for the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF) in patients ineligible for transplant. GLP-1 is a naturally occurring hormone produced in the intestines in response to food intake.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure and diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Aminoglutethimide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatase inhibitor that produces a state of "medical" adrenalectomy by blocking the production of adrenal steroids. It also blocks the conversion of androgens to estrogens. Aminoglutethimide has been used in the treatment of advanced breast and prostate cancer. It was formerly used for its weak anticonvulsant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p454)
4. Indication:  For the suppression of adrenal function in selected patients with Cushing's syndrome, malignant neoplasm of the female breast, and carcinoma in situ of the breast.
