DrugId:  1
1. Name:  KP-1461
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KP-1461 is a potent, non-chain-terminating, mutagenic deoxyribonucleoside analogue. Designated a DNA covert nucleoside, the drug consists of a modified base that incorporates randomly into HIV and pairs with multiple bases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bortezomib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bortezomib (originally PS-341 and marketed as Velcade by Millennium Pharmaceuticals) is the first therapeutic proteasome inhibitor to be tested in humans. The boron atom within bortezomib catalytically binds the active site of the 26S proteasome with high affinity and specificity, thereby resulting in cell cycle arrest and apoptosis. In normal cells, the proteasome is involved in degradation of ubiquitylated proteins that have been tagged for destruction because they are damaged or unneeded by the cell. However, in cancerous cells, proteasome activity degrades pro-apoptotic proteins such as p53 that would normally result in programmed cell death of the dysfunctional cells. Proteasome inhibitors such as bortezomib interrupt this process, resulting in destruction of cancerous cells. Bortezomib is approved in the U.S. for treating relapsed multiple myeloma and mantle cell lymphoma. In multiple myeloma, complete clinical responses have been obtained in patients with otherwise refractory or rapidly advancing disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of multiple myeloma in patients who have not been successfully treated with at least two previous therapies.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Halothane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. nitrous oxide is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficient muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)
4. Indication:  For the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cinacalcet
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cinacalcet (INN) is a drug that acts as a calcimimetic (i.e. it mimics the action of calcium on tissues) by allosteric activation of the calcium-sensing receptor that is expressed in various human organ tissues. It is sold by Amgen under the trade name Sensipar® in North America and Australia and as Mimpara® in Europe. Cinacalcet is used to treat hyperparathyroidism (elevated parathyroid hormone levels), a consequence of parathyroid tumors and chronic renal failure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with Chronic Kidney Disease who are on hemodialysis or peritoneal dialysis. Also for the treatment of hypercalcemia in patients with parathyroid carcinoma.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vitamin D
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Vitamin D ultimately comprises a group of lipid-soluble secosteroids responsible for a variety of biological effects, some of which include increasing the intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate. With reference to human use, there are 2 main forms of vitamin D - vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol). When non-specific references are made about 'vitamin d', the references are usually about the use of vitamin D3 and/or D2.Vitamin D3 and D2 require hydroxylation in order to become biologically active in the human body. Since vitamin D can be endogenously synthesized in adequate amounts by most mammals exposed to sufficient quantities of sunlight, vitamin D functions like a hormone on vitamin D receptors to regulate calcium in opposition to parathyroid hormone. Vitamin D plays an essential physiological role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and metabolism. There are several different vitamin D supplements that are given to treat or to prevent osteomalacia and rickets, or to meet the daily criteria of vitamin D consumption.
4. Indication:  Vitamin D is indicated for use in the treatment of hypoparathyroidism, refractory rickets (also known as vitamin D resistant rickets), and familial hypophosphatemia [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rotigotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998, Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights for rotigotine to the German pharmaceutical company Schwarz Pharma (today a subsidiary of the Belgian company UCB S.A.). The drug has been approved by the EMEA for use in Europe in 2006 and is today being sold in several European countries. In 2007, the Neupro patch was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first transdermal treatment of Parkinson's disease in the United States. However, as of 2008, Schwarz Pharma has recalled all Neupro patches in the United States and some in Europe because of problems with the delivery mechanism. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in neurologic disorders and parkinson's disease as well as moderate-to-severe primary Restless Legs Syndrome.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Levosimendan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levosimendan is a calcium sensitiser used in the management of acutely decompensated congestive heart failure. It increases the sensitivity of the heart to calcium, thus increasing cardiac contractility without a rise in intracellular calcium. Levosimendan exerts its effect by increasing calcium sensitivity of myocytes by binding to cardiac troponin C in a calcium-dependent manner. It also has a vasodilatory effect, by opening adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-sensitive potassium channels in vascular smooth muscle to cause smooth muscle relaxation.
4. Indication:  For short term treatment of acutely decompensated severe chronic heart failure (CHF). Also being investigated for use/treatment in heart disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chromium picolinate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromium picolinate has a chemical formula CrPic3 and reddish-pink color. It is a coordination complex consisting of chromium(III) and picolinic acid. Chromium picolinate is used as a nutritional supplement for optimal insulin function in patients with Type 2 diabetes or promotion of weight loss. Chromium ions are shown to regulate insulin by promoting glucose utilization and increasing the sensitivity of the insulin receptor [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Isoflurane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A stable, non-explosive inhalation anesthetic, relatively free from significant side effects.
4. Indication:  For induction and maintenance of general anesthesia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Peginterferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon beta-1a is an interferon beta-1a to which a single, linear 20,000 dalton (Da) methoxy poly(ethyleneglycol)-O-2-methylpropionaldehyde (PEG) molecule is covalently attached to the alpha amino group of the N-terminal amino acid residue. The amino acid sequence of the recombinant interferon beta-1a is identical to that of the human interferon beta counterpart. Although it's mechanism of action is unknown, peginterferon beta-1a is indicated for use in relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS).Interferon beta was the first drug to alter the course of MS, however multiple side effects and the need for weekly subcutaneous injection make it difficult to use. Interferon beta was subsequently PEGylated (covalently attached to polyethylene glycol) to extend its duration of action to every 14 days. It is currently available as peginterferon beta-1a as the FDA-approved product Plegridy.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hydroxyamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test. Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.
4. Indication:  Mydriatic agent (eye pupil dilatation) for diagnosis of ophthalmic nerve lesions.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Glimepiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Glimepiride is the first III generation sulphonyl urea it is a very potent sulphonyl urea with long duration of action.
4. Indication:  For concomitant use with insulin for the treatment of noninsulin-dependent (type 2) diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxypropyl cellulose is an ether of cellulose where some of the hydroxyl groups of the cellulose have been hydroxypropylated forming -OCH2CH(OH)CH3 groups. Lacrisertis a formulation of hydroxypropyl cellulose that is used for artificial tears. It is used to treat syndromes characterized by insufficient tear production (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes. As a food additive, hydroxypropyl cellulose is used as a thickener and as an emulsion stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve dryness and irritation caused by reduced tear flow that occurs in certain eye diseases (keratoconjunctivitis sicca), recurrent corneal erosions, decreased corneal sensitivity, exposure and neuroparalytic keratitis, and as a lubricant for artificial eyes.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Natalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized IgG4k monoclonal antibody produced in murine myeloma cells. Natalizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to a4-integrin. Natalizumab was voluntarily withdrawn from U.S. market because of risk of Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML). It was returned to market July, 2006.
4. Indication:  For treatment of multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Seliciclib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells. Seliciclib is being developed by Cyclacel. Seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lung cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, leukemia (lymphoid), and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
