DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  rhMBL
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rhMBL is a protein therapeutic being developed by Enzon for the prevention and treatment of severe infections in individuals with low levels of Mannose-Binding Lectin (MBL). Over 10 percent of the general population is estimated to be MBL-deficient. Natural MBL has an oligomeric structure (400-700 kDa), built of subunits that contain three identical peptide chains of 32 kDa each.Although MBL can form several oligomeric forms, there are indications that dimers and trimers are not biologically active and at least a tetramer form is needed for activation of complement.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in immunodeficiency and infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Eldelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1100, a fully human antibody that targets IP10 (also known as CXCL10), a chemokine expressed in association with multiple inflammatory disease indications, such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Copper
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [5].
4. Indication:  For use in the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition and in contraception with intrauterine devices [FDA Label] [5].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Alglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Imiglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cholecalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Derivative of 7-dehydroxycholesterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from ergocalciferol in having a single bond between C22 and C23 and lacking a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Velaglucerase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Velaglucerase alfa is a gene-activated human recombinant glucocerebrosidase used for the treatment of Type 1 Gaucher disease, caused by a deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme glucocerebrosidase. Additionally, Velaglucerase alfa has also been investigated for use in Type 3 Gaucher disease. 
4. Indication:  Velaglucerase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal glucocerebroside-specific enzyme indicated for long-term enzyme replacement therapy for pediatric and adult patients with type 1 Gaucher disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  ATL1102
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATL1102 is a second-generation antisense inhibitor of CD49d, an immunesystem protein known as VLA-4, an immune cell molecule. It works by entering cells and targeting genes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Donepezil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Donepezil (Aricept), is a centrally acting reversible acetyl cholinesterase inhibitor. Its main therapeutic use is in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease where it is used to increase cortical acetylcholine. Donepezil is postulated to exert its therapeutic effect by enhancing cholinergic function. This is accomplished by increasing the concentration of acetylcholine through reversible inhibition of its hydrolysis by acetylcholinesterase. If this proposed mechanism of action is correct, donepezil's effect may lessen as the disease process advances and fewer cholinergic neurons remain functionally intact. Donepezil has been tested in other cognitive disorders including Lewy body dementia and Vascular dementia, but it is not currently approved for these indications. Donepezil has also been studied in patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment, schizophrenia, attention deficit disorder, post-coronary bypass cognitive impairment, cognitive impairment associated with multiple sclerosis, and Down syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  SC12267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  CCX915
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX915 is developed by ChemoCentryx which targets the chemokine receptor CCR2 and is in phase 1 of clinical trial for the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis and Neurologic Disorders. The CCR2 receptor is thought to be of central importance to inflammatory diseases, such as multiple sclerosis (MS), Type II diabetes and atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  PMI-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PMI-001 is a stand-alone, disease-modifying, anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) being developed by Phytomedics Inc. It is an extract of the roots of an undisclosed perennial shrub which interferes with the production of IL-2 and COX-2 proteins, for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus erythematosus and psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
