DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dihydrexidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dihydrexidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of SPD, Cocaine-Related Disorders, and Schizotypal Personality Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Lamotrigine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. In the US, lamotrigine is available as oral tablets under the market name Lamictal. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. While lamotrigine is primarily indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that it could have some clinical efficacy in some neuropathic pain states. Lamotrigine is also used as an off-label drug in treating other neurologic and psychiatric pathologies like borderline personality disorder [6]. The exact mechanism of action of lamotrigine is not fully elucidated, as it may have multiple cellular actions that contribute to its broad clinical efficacy.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy for the following seizure types in patients ≥2 years of age: partial seizures/primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures/generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome [FDA Label].Indicated for conversion to monotherapy in adults (≥16 years of age) with partial seizures who are receiving treatment with carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, or valproate as the single antiepileptic drug (AED)[FDA Label]. Indicated for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder to delay the time to occurrence of mood episodes (depression, mania, hypomania, mixed episodes) in adults (≥18 years of age) treated for acute mood episodes with standard therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Phenelzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenelzine, with the formula β-phenylethylhydrazine, is a monoamine oxidase inhibiting antidepressant that is effective in the treatment of panic disorder and social anxiety disorder.[3] It was developed by Parke Davis and originally FDA approved on June 9th, 1961. It is currently approved under prescription by the name of Nardil.
4. Indication:  Phenelzine is indicated for the treatment of nonendogenous, neurotic or atypical depression for patients that do not tolerate other forms of therapy.[12] Atypical depression has a high prevalence rate, starts in early life, tends to last longer, is more likely to occur in people with bipolar disorder, has a high comorbidity with anxiety disorder and carries more risk of suicidal behavior. It is important to specify the atypical feature to predict the clinical course of depression and hence generate the best treatment and service. The featuring symptoms of the atypical feature include mood reactivity, two or more of this symptoms: 1) increased appetite, 2) increased sleep, 3) leaden paralysis and 4) interpersonal rejection sensitivity and should not have melancholic or catatonic features of depression.[4]Neurotic depression is a depression of an emotionally unstable person. It is a secondary condition to major personality disorder, neuroses and drug use disorders. Likewise, a primary depression with a family history of depression spectrum disease would fit in this category.[5]A nonendogenous depression is characterized by a disturbance in mood and general outlook. The physical symptoms tend to be less severe and it often occurs in response to stressful life events that keep occurring over a large period of time generating a continuous stress in the daily living.[6]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Manganese
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Manganese is a transition metal with a molar mass of 54.94g/mol. Manganese is considered critical for human health, and plays important roles in development, metabolism, and the antioxidant system. That said, excessive manganese intake is associated with manganism, a neurodegenerative disorder that causes dopaminergic neuronal death and parkinsonian-like symptoms.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN). Administration helps to maintain plasma levels and to prevent depletion of endogenous stores and subsequent deficiency symptoms.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dimercaprol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimercaprol is a traditional chelating agent developed by British biochemists at Oxford University during World War II. It was developed as an experimental antidote against the arsenic-based poison gas Lewisite. It has been used clinically since 1949 in arsenic, cadmium and mercury poisoning. In addition, it has in the past been used for the treatment of Wilson's disease, a genetic disorder in which the body tends to retain copper. Dimercaprol is a potentially toxic drug, and its use may be accompanied by multiple side effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of arsenic, gold and mercury poisoning. Indicated in acute lead poisoning when used concomitantly with edetate calcium disodium (DB00974).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tasimelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tasimelteon is a selective dual melatonin receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD). Occurring commonly in blind individuals without light perception, this condition is often characterized by periods of night-time insomnia and day-time sleepiness. In blind individuals, a lack of light stimulation causes an extension of the 24-hour circadian cycle and can lead to progressively delayed sleep onset. By activating melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, tasimelteon has been shown to improve sleep by resynchronizing the circadian rhythm through its "non-photic" mechanism. Tasimelteon is currently the only drug available for the treatment of N24HSWD and was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in 2010.
4. Indication:  Tasimelteon is indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ozanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozanezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lanicemine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanicemine has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Clonidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonidine, an imidazoline-derivative hypotensive agent is a centrally-acting α2-adrenergic agonist. It crosses the blood-brain barrier and acts in the hypothalamus to induce a decrease in blood pressure. It may also be administered as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone. Clonidine may be used for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients. Other uses for clonidine include prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Clonidine also exhibits some peripheral activity. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an adjunct in the treatment of hypertension, as an epidural infusion as an adjunct treatment in the management of severe cancer pain that is not relieved by opiate analgesics alone, for differential diagnosis of pheochromocytoma in hypertensive patients, prophylaxis of vascular migraine headaches, treatment of severe dysmenorrhea, management of vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause, rapid detoxification in the management of opiate withdrawal, treatment of alcohol withdrawal used in conjunction with benzodiazepines, management of nicotine dependence, topical use to reduce intraocular pressure in the treatment of open-angle and secondary glaucoma and hemorrhagic glaucoma associated with hypertension, and in the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Eldelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1100, a fully human antibody that targets IP10 (also known as CXCL10), a chemokine expressed in association with multiple inflammatory disease indications, such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Deutetrabenazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Deutetrabenazine is a novel, highly selective vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor indicated for the management of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease. It is a hexahydro-dimethoxybenzoquinolizine derivative and a deuterated Tetrabenazine [5]. The presence of deuterium in deutetrabenazine increases the half-lives of the active metabolite and prolongs their pharmacological activity by attenuating CYP2D6 metabolism of the compound [5]. This allows less frequent dosing and a lower daily dose with improvement in tolerability [2]. Decreased plasma fluctuations of deutetrabenazine due to attenuated metabolism may explain a lower incidence of adverse reactions associated with deutetrabenazine [1]. Deutetrabenazine is a racemic mixture containing RR-Deutetrabenazine and SS-Deutetrabenazine [FDA Label]. Huntington's disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by motor dysfunction, cognitive decline, and neuropsychiatric disturbances [2] that interfere with daily functioning and significantly reduce the quality of life. The most prominent physical symptom of HD that may increase the risk of injury is chorea, which is an involuntary, sudden movement that can affect any muscle and flow randomly across body regions [5]. Psychomotor symptoms of HD, such as chorea, are related to hyperactive dopaminergic neurotransmission [6]. Deutetrabenazine depletes the levels of presynaptic dopamine by blocking VMAT2, which is responsible for the uptake of dopamine into synaptic vesicles in monoaminergic neurons and exocytotic release [6]. As with other agents for the treatment of neurodegenerative diseases, deutetrabenazine is a drug to alleviate the motor symptoms of HD and is not proposed to halt the progression of the disease [7]. In clinical trials of patients with HD, 12 weeks of treatment of deutetrabenazine resulted in overall improvement in mean total maximal chorea scores and motor signs than placebo [5]. It was approved by FDA in April 2017 and is marketed under the trade name Austedo as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of chorea associated with Huntington’s disease [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dacetuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dacetuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, and Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse. It is a humanized anti-CD40 antibody and induces cytotoxicity in human multiple myeloma cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's) and multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dasotraline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
