DrugId:  1
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Turoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Turoctocog alfa is a recombinant factor VIII (rFVIII) with a truncated B-domain made from the sequence coding for 10 amino acids from the N-terminus and 11 amino acids from the C-terminus of the naturally occurring B-domain. Turoctocog alfa is produced in Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells without addition of any human- or animal-derived materials. During secretion, some rFVIII molecules are cleaved at the C-terminal of the heavy chain (HC) at amino acid 720, and a monoclonal antibody binding C-terminal to this position is used in the purification process allowing isolation of the intact rFVIII.[1] It was developped by Novo Nordisk and FDA approved in October 16, 2013.[6]
4. Indication:  Turoctocog alfa is indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleedings in patients presenting hemophilia A.[7] The treatment with turoctocog alfa is related with its use to control bleeding episodes or as a perioperative management.[8] Hemophilia A is a hereditary hemorrhagic disorder generated by the congenital deficit of the coagulation factor VIII. This disease is manifested as excessive spontaneous or trauma-driven bleeding. The coagulation factor VIII is a robust initiator of thrombin which is later required for the generation of fibrin to form a platelet plug and its gene is expressed in the X chromosome.[2]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ozanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ozanezumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Sclerosis, Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, and Multiple Sclerosis, Relapsing-Remitting.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Icatibant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icatibant (Firazyr) is a synthetic peptidomimetic drug consisting of ten amino acids, and acts as an effective and specific antagonist of bradykinin B2 receptors. It has been approved in the EU for use in hereditary angioedema, and is under investigation for a number of other conditions in which bradykinin is thought to play a significant role. Icatibant currently has orphan drug status in the United States and FDA approved on August 25, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Approved for use in acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Investigated for use/treatment in angioedema, liver disease, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  GW-406381
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW-406381 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pain, Trauma, Neurodynia, Dental Pain, and Hyperalgesia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dilmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others. Dilmapimod (SB-681323) is a p38 MAP-kinase inhibitor that has potential uses in inflammatory conditions such as RA (Rheumatoid Arthritis). Previous p38 MAP-kinase inhibitors have been hindered in development by liver toxicity. Methotrexate (common treatment for RA patients) also has potential liver toxicity.}
4. Indication:  Dilmapimod has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Nerve Trauma, Inflammation, Pain, Neuropathic, Arthritis, Rheumatoid, and Coronary Heart Disease, among others.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Eldelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-1100, a fully human antibody that targets IP10 (also known as CXCL10), a chemokine expressed in association with multiple inflammatory disease indications, such as rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease and multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dacetuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dacetuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Leukemia, Lymphocytic, Chronic, and Lymphoma, Large B-Cell, Diffuse. It is a humanized anti-CD40 antibody and induces cytotoxicity in human multiple myeloma cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (non-hodgkin's) and multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vitamin D
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Vitamin D ultimately comprises a group of lipid-soluble secosteroids responsible for a variety of biological effects, some of which include increasing the intestinal absorption of calcium, magnesium, and phosphate. With reference to human use, there are 2 main forms of vitamin D - vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and vitamin D2 (ergocalciferol). When non-specific references are made about 'vitamin d', the references are usually about the use of vitamin D3 and/or D2.Vitamin D3 and D2 require hydroxylation in order to become biologically active in the human body. Since vitamin D can be endogenously synthesized in adequate amounts by most mammals exposed to sufficient quantities of sunlight, vitamin D functions like a hormone on vitamin D receptors to regulate calcium in opposition to parathyroid hormone. Vitamin D plays an essential physiological role in maintaining calcium homeostasis and metabolism. There are several different vitamin D supplements that are given to treat or to prevent osteomalacia and rickets, or to meet the daily criteria of vitamin D consumption.
4. Indication:  Vitamin D is indicated for use in the treatment of hypoparathyroidism, refractory rickets (also known as vitamin D resistant rickets), and familial hypophosphatemia [FDA Label].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  CDP323
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CDP323 is a small-molecule prodrug antagonist of the vascular cell adhesion molecule 1 (VCAM-1) binding to alpha4-integrins. It was originally developed by the British biopharmaceutical company Celltech plc. (now UCB S.A.) and is a putative new drug for oral treatment of multiple sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prolease-r-hFSH
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Prolease-r-hFSH is a recombinant human follicle stimulating hormone (r-hFSH) with Alkermes' ProLease injectable sustained release drug delivery technology.It provides patients with long term therapeutic benefit from a single administration rather than multiple injections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infertility.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lirilumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lirilumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, CANCER,NOS, Multiple Myeloma, Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Acute Myeloid Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Samalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Samalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma and B-cell Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lucatumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (lymphoid), multiple myeloma, and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Hydroxyethyl Starch
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyethyl starch (HES/HAES) is a nonionic starch derivative. Hydroxyethyl starches (HES) are synthetic colloids commonly used for fluid resuscitation to replace intravascular volume.HES is a general term and can be sub-classified according to average molecular weight, molar substitution, concentration, C2/C6 ratio and Maximum Daily Dose.
4. Indication:  An intravenous solution of hydroxyethyl starch is used to prevent shock following severe blood loss caused by trauma, surgery, or other issues.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Phylloquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Phylloquinone is often called vitamin K1. It is a fat-soluble vitamin that is stable to air and moisture but decomposes in sunlight. It is found naturally in a wide variety of green plants. Phylloquinone is also an antidote for coumatetralyl. Vitamin K is needed for the posttranslational modification of certain proteins, mostly required for blood coagulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of haemorrhagic conditions in infants, antidote for coumarin anticoagulants in hypoprothrombinaemia.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  SC12267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
