DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dantrolene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Chemically, dantrolene is a hydantoin derivative, but does not exhibit antiepileptic activity like other hydantoin derivates such as phenytoin.
4. Indication:  For use, along with appropriate supportive measures, for the management of the fulminant hypermetabolism of skeletal muscle characteristic of malignant hyperthermia crises in patients of all ages. Also used preoperatively, and sometimes postoperatively, to prevent or attenuate the development of clinical and laboratory signs of malignant hyperthermia in individuals judged to be malignant hyperthermia susceptible.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ambenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ambenonium is a cholinesterase inhibitor used in the management of myasthenia gravis. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Ambenonium is used to treat muscle weakness due to muscle disease (myasthenia gravis).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fludiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Fludiazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a scheduled drug in the U.S., but is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  Used for the short-term treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Chlormezanone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A non-benzodiazepine that is used in the management of anxiety. It has been suggested for use in the treatment of muscle spasm. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in the management of anxiety and in the treatment of muscle spasm.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cervical dystonia in adults to decrease the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia. Also for the treatment of severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis that is inadequately managed with topical agents and for the treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm associated with dystonia, including benign essential blepharospasm or VII nerve disorders in patients 12 years of age and above. Also used cosmetically to temporarily improve the appearance of moderate-to-severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines) as well as for the treatment of excessive underarm sweating.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Carisoprodol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant whose mechanism of action is not completely understood but may be related to its sedative actions. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute, painful, musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Isoflurophate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor with actions similar to those of echothiophate. It is a powerful miotic used mainly in the treatment of glaucoma. Its vapor is highly toxic and it is recommended that only solutions in arachis oil be used therapeutically. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p1330)
4. Indication:  For use in the eye to treat certain types of glaucoma and other eye conditions, such as accommodative esotropia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Physostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of glaucoma, and in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tolevamer
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium polystyrene sulfonate is a medication used to treat abnormally high potassium levels. It may be taken orally or by rectum, as an enema, and functions as a potassium-binding resin in the intestines. It is also an effective topical microbicide and spermicide, inhibiting the genital transfection of, among others, HIV.
4. Indication:  Used to treat abnormally high potassium levels.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pranlukast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pranlukast is a cysteinyl leukotriene receptor-1 antagonist. It antagonizes or reduces bronchospasm caused, principally in asthmatics, by an allergic reaction to accidentally or inadvertently encountered allergens.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to the standard therapy of inhaled steroids with inhaled long- and/or short-acting beta-agonists. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Neostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor used in the treatment of myasthenia gravis and to reverse the effects of muscle relaxants such as gallamine and tubocurarine. Neostigmine, unlike physostigmine, does not cross the blood-brain barrier. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Neostigmine is used for the symptomatic treatment of myasthenia gravis by improving muscle tone.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is a hydrated form of anhydrous magnesium acetate salt with the chemical formula of Mg(CH3COO)2 • 4H2O. As a salt form of magnesium, magnesium acetate is one of the bioavailable forms of magnesium and forms a very water soluble compound. Magnesium is an essential element and second most abundant cation in the body that plays a key role in maintaining normal cellular function such as production of ATP and efficient enzyme activity. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate can be used as an electrolyte supplementation or a reagent in molecular biology experiments.
4. Indication:  Used as magnesium salf-containing laxatives to prevent constipation. It can bring synergistic effect to restore normal bowel function when using in combination with aluminum salts that induce bowel retention [8]. Magnesium acetate tetrahydrate is used as a source of water and electrolytes when combined with dextrose and other salts to form intravenous infusions. This injection can be used for patients with carbohydrate or magnesium deficiency, insulin hypoglycemia, constipation or hypertension during pregnancy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Propiomazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propiomazine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, propiomazine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors.
4. Indication:  Propiomazine is largely used for its antihistamininc sleep inducing effects in treating insomnia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Chlorprothixene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chlorprothixene is a typical antipsychotic drug of the thioxanthene (tricyclic) class. Chlorprothixene exerts strong blocking effects by blocking the 5-HT2 D1, D2, D3, histamine H1, muscarinic and alpha1 adrenergic receptors.
4. Indication:  For treatment of psychotic disorders (e.g. schizophrenia) and of acute mania occuring as part of bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nifedipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nifedipine has been formulated as both a long- and short-acting 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nifedipine prevents calcium-dependent myocyte contraction and vasoconstriction. A second proposed mechanism for the drug’s vasodilatory effects involves pH-dependent inhibition of calcium influx via inhibition of smooth muscle carbonic anhydrase. Nifedipine is used to treat hypertension and chronic stable angina.
4. Indication:  For the management of vasospastic angina, chronic stable angina, hypertension, and Raynaud's phenomenon. May be used as a first line agent for left ventricular hypertrophy and isolated systolic hypertension (long-acting agents). 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Arsenic trioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Arsenic trioxide is a chemotheraputic agent of idiopathic function used to treat leukemia that is unresponsive to first line agents. It is suspected that arsenic trisulfide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis. Due to the toxic nature of arsenic, this drug carries significant health risks. The enzyme thioredoxin reductase has recently been identified as a target for arsenic trioxide.
4. Indication:  For induction of remission and consolidation in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), and whose APL is characterized by the presence of the t(15;17) translocation or PML/RAR-alpha gene expression
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Adinazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adinazolam (Deracyn®) is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, and antidepressant properties. Adinazolam was developed by Dr. Jackson B. Hester, who was seeking to enhance the antidepressant properties of alprazolam, which he also developed. Adinazolam was never FDA approved and was never available to the public. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and status epilepticus.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Benzatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzotropine is a centrally-acting, antimuscarinic agent used as an adjunct in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease. It may also be used to treat extrapyramidal reactions, such as dystonia and Parkinsonism, caused by antipsychotics (e.g. phenothiazines). Symptoms of Parkinson’s disease and extrapyramidal reactions arise from decreases in dopaminergic activity which creates an imbalance between dopaminergic and cholinergic activity. Anticholinergic therapy is thought to aid in restoring this balance leading to relief of symptoms. In addition to its anticholinergic effects, benztropine also inhibits the reuptake of dopamine at nerve terminals via the dopamine transporter. Benzotropine also produces antagonistic effects at the histamine H1 receptor. 
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and also for use in the control of extrapyramidal disorders due to neuroleptic drugs.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tacrine
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centerally active cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to counter the effects of muscle relaxants, as a respiratory stimulant, and in the treatment of Alzheimer's disease and other central nervous system disorders. Tacrine has been discontinued for the United States market.
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of mild to moderate dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tartaric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tartaric acid is a white crystalline organic acid that occurs naturally in many plants, most notably in grapes.Tartaric is an alpha-hydroxy-carboxylic acid, is diprotic and aldaric in acid characteristics, and is a dihydroxyl derivative of succinic acid.
4. Indication:  Tartaric Acid is primarily indicated in conditions like Antiscorbutic, Antiseptic.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Methyclothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with properties similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p825)
4. Indication:  For use in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effect of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension. Also used as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy.
