DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Omadacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Viomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Viomycin is a member of the tuberactinomycin family, a group of nonribosomal peptide antibiotics exhibiting anti-tuberculosis properties. The tuberactinomycin family is an essential component in the drug cocktail currently used to fight infections of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Viomycin was the first member of the tuberactinomycins to be isolated and identified and was used to treat TB until it was replaced by the less toxic, but structurally related compound, capreomycin. The tuberactinomycins target bacterial ribosomes, binding RNA and disrupting bacterial protein biosynthesis. It is produced by the actinomycete Streptomyces puniceus, that binds to RNA and inhibits prokaryotic protein synthesis and certain forms of RNA splicing. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Viomycin is an essential component in the drug cocktail currently used to fight infections of Mycobacterium tuberculosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Clofazimine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fat-soluble riminophenazine dye used for the treatment of leprosy. It has been used investigationally in combination with other antimycobacterial drugs to treat Mycobacterium avium infections in AIDS patients. Clofazimine also has a marked anti-inflammatory effect and is given to control the leprosy reaction, erythema nodosum leprosum. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p1619)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lepromatous leprosy, including dapsone-resistant lepromatous leprosy and lepromatous leprosy complicated by erythema nodosum leprosum.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rifampicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic antibiotic produced from Streptomyces mediterranei. It has a broad antibacterial spectrum, including activity against several forms of Mycobacterium. In susceptible organisms it inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity by forming a stable complex with the enzyme. It thus suppresses the initiation of RNA synthesis. Rifampin is bactericidal, and acts on both intracellular and extracellular organisms. (From Gilman et al., Goodman and Gilman's The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, 9th ed, p1160)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Tuberculosis and Tuberculosis-related mycobacterial infections.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Rifabutin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum antibiotic that is being used as prophylaxis against disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in HIV-positive patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in Mantoux Test used to detect infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dequalinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.
4. Indication:  Effective local treatment as vaginal tablets for infections such as fluor vaginalis, bacterial vaginosis, aerobic vaginitis, vulvo-vaginal candidiasis and trichomoniasis. Used as a topical antimicrobial agent. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Rifapentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rifapentine is an antibiotic drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  SRP 299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRP 299 is a preparation of killed Mycobacterium vaccae that has been tested in uses related to inhibiting periodontal disease, in treating asthma and in treating eczema, itching and inflammation. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity. A specific subset of serotonergic neurons in the interfascicular part of the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRI) is believed to be involved, based on studies with mice. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, atopic dermatitis, and pediatric atopic dermatitis indications.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Grepafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Grepafloxacin is an oral broad-spectrum quinoline antibacterial agent used to treat bacterial infections. Grepafloxacin was withdrawn in the United States due to its side effect of lengthening the QT interval on the electrocardiogram, leading to cardiac events and sudden death. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of adults with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, or Moraxella catarrhalis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Doxycycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity. Animal studies suggest that it may cause less tooth staining than other tetracyclines. It is used in some areas for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria (malaria, falciparum).
4. Indication:  Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain connaught live antigen is intravesically administered for the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). The solution contains live, attenuated strain of Mycobacterium bovis. It is prepared from the Connaught strain of Bacillus Calmette and Guérin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for intravesical use in the treatment and prophylaxis of carcinoma in situ (CIS) of the urinary bladder and for the prophylaxis of primary or recurrent stage Ta and/or T1 papillary tumors following transurethral resection (TUR). 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Azithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Azithromycin is a semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic of the azalide class. Like other macrolide antibiotics, azithromycin inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the process of translation. Its effects may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending of the organism and the drug concentration. Its long half life, which enables once daily dosing and shorter administration durations, is a property distinct from other macrolides.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the specific conditions: H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, S. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. agal
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tetracycline is a broad spectrum polyketide antibiotic produced by the Streptomyces genus of Actinobacteria. It exerts a bacteriostatic effect on bacteria by binding reversible to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and blocking incoming aminoacyl tRNA from binding to the ribosome acceptor site. It also binds to some extent to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit and may alter the cytoplasmic membrane causing intracellular components to leak from bacterial cells.
4. Indication:  Used to treat bacterial infections such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever, typhus fever, tick fevers, Q fever, rickettsialpox and Brill-Zinsser disease. May be used to treat infections caused by Chlamydiae spp., B. burgdorferi (Lyme disease), and upper respiratory infections caused by typical (S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, and M. catarrhalis) and atypical organisms (C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila). May also be used to treat acne. Tetracycline may be an alternative drug for people who are allergic to penicillin.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen is a vaccine containing attenuated live culture preparation of the Bacillus of Calmette and Guerin (BCG) strain of Mycobacterium bovis for percutaneous use. It is administered to prevent the development of tuberculosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Telithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal infection, acute sinusitis, acute bacterial tonsillitis, acute bronchitis and bronchiolitis, lower respiratory tract infection and lobar (pneumococcal) pneumonia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aripiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aripiprazole is an atypical antipsychotic medication used for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has also recently received FDA approval for the treatment of acute manic and mixed episodes associated with bipolar disorder. Aripiprazole appears to mediate its antipsychotic effects primarily by partial agonism at the D2 receptor. In addition to partial agonist activity at the D2 receptor, aripiprazole is also a partial agonist at the 5-HT1A receptor, and like the other atypical antipsychotics, aripiprazole displays an antagonist profile at the 5-HT2A receptor. Aripiprazole has moderate affinity for histamine and alpha adrenergic receptors, and no appreciable affinity for cholinergic muscarinic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bifeprunox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bifeprunox is a novel atypical antipsychotic agent which, along with SLV313, aripiprazole and SSR-181507 combines minimal D2 receptor agonism with 5-HT receptor agonism. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Bifeprunox is being evaluated for the treatment of schizophrenia, psychosis, and Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Blonanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blonanserin is an atypical antipsychotic approved in Japan in January, 2008. Relative to many other antipsychotics, blonanserin has an improved tolerability profile, lacking side effects such as extrapyramidal symptoms, excessive sedation, or hypotension. As with many second-generation (atypical) antipsychotics it is significantly more efficacious in the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia compared to first-generation (typical) antipsychotics such as haloperidol.
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of schizophrenia [4].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Lurasidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic developed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of schizophrenia on October 29, 2010 and is currently pending approval for the treatment of bipolar disorder in the United States. (Wikipedia)
4. Indication:  Treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Lanimostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  MCC
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mycobacterial Cell Wall-DNA Complex (MCC) is formulated from Mycobacterium phlei, a non-pathogenic strain of mycobacteria. MCC has been shown to have immune stimulatory and apoptosis (programmed cell death) activity against cancer cells. The product is a sterile biological composition in a sub-micron suspension. It is produced at the Bioniche manufacturing facility in Pointe-Claire, Quebec.
4. Indication:  Bladder cancer
