DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Stiripentol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stiripentol is an anticonvulsant drug used in the treatment of epilepsy as an adjunct therapy along with Clobazam and Valproic Acid. Unrelated to other anticonvulsants, stitipentol belongs to the group of aromatic allylic alcohols and may potentiate the effect of other antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) due to pharmacokinetic interactions. It elevates the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), a major inhibitory neurotransmitter that regulates electrical activity in the central nervous system. Use of stiripentol is approved for infants with Dravet syndrome, or Severe Myoclonic Epilepsy in Infancy (SMEI) that commonly occurs at the first year of life. Stiripentol is not FDA-approved but approved in Canada and European countries as oral tablets marketed as Diacomit.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in conjunction with clobazam and valproate as adjunctive therapy of refractory generalized tonic-clonic seizures in patients with severe myoclonic epilepsy in infancy (SMEI, Dravet’s syndrome) whose seizures are not adequately controlled with clobazam and valproate.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Clonazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used for several types of seizures, including myotonic or atonic seizures, photosensitive epilepsy, and absence seizures, although tolerance may develop. It is seldom effective in generalized tonic-clonic or partial seizures. The mechanism of action appears to involve the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Clonazepam is used as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (petit mal variant), akinetic and myoclonic seizures. It can also be used for the treatment of panic disorders. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  ICA-105665
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ICA-105665 is a novel small molecule compound for the treatment of epilepsy. It is a novel opener of the KCNQ ion channel which in preclinical studies has demonstrated a broad spectrum of activity in models of epilepsy. In addition, ICA-105665 has also demonstrated activity in certain models of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Givinostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Givinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Polycythemia Vera, Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), Chronic Myeloproliferative Neoplasms, and Polyarticular Course Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Neocartilage
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  DP-VPA
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-VPA is D-Pharm's proprietary lipid modified version of valproic acid (VPA) that demonstrate that DP-VPA is well-tolerated in patients with resistant epilepsy and has a marked effect on reducing seizure frequency.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders, epilepsy, and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Seletracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Seletracetam is a pyrrolidone derivative and with a structural similarity to newer generation antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. It binds to the same target as levetiracetam but with higher affinity and has shown potent seizure suppression in models of acquired and genetic epilepsy with high CNS tolerability. It is predicted to have low drug-drug interactions and inhibition or induction of any major human metabolizing enzymes. Seletracetam was in Phase II clinical trials under the supervision of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) investigated as treatment of epilepsy and partial epilepsy however its development had been put on hold in July 2007. As of 2010, its production was further halted due to the investigation of a newer antiepileptic agent, brivaracetam.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Remacemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy, huntington's disease, and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  N,N-dimethylglycine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  NBI-6024
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NBI-6024 is an altered peptide ligand that is designed to cause an immune response which result in preservation of beta-cell function and endogenous insulin production. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Progabide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Progabide is an analog and prodrug of gamma-aminobutyric acid. It is commonly used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has agonistic activity for both the GABAA and GABAB receptors. Progabide has been investigated for many diseases besides epilepsy, including Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, clinical depression and anxiety disorder with varying success.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Mephenytoin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants. It is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Asfotase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asfotase Alfa is a first-in-class bone-targeted enzyme replacement therapy designed to address the underlying cause of hypophosphatasia (HPP)—deficient alkaline phosphatase (ALP). Hypophosphatasia is almost always fatal when severe skeletal disease is obvious at birth. By replacing deficient ALP, treatment with Asfotase Alfa aims to improve the elevated enzyme substrate levels and improve the body's ability to mineralize bone, thereby preventing serious skeletal and systemic patient morbidity and premature death. Asfotase alfa was first approved by Pharmaceuticals and Medicals Devices Agency of Japan (PMDA) on July 3, 2015, then approved by the European Medicine Agency (EMA) on August 28, 2015, and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on October 23, 2015. Asfotase Alfa is marketed under the brand name Strensiq® by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The annual average price of Asfotase Alfa treatment is $285,000. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of patients with perinatal/infantile and juvenile onset hypophosphatasia (HPP). 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Valrocemide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Levetiracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Levetiracetam is an anticonvulsant medication used to treat epilepsy. Levetiracetam may selectively prevent hypersynchronization of epileptiform burst firing and propagation of seizure activity. Levetiracetam binds to the synaptic vesicle protein SV2A, which is thought to be involved in the regulation of vesicle exocytosis. Although the molecular significance of levetiracetam binding to synaptic vesicle protein SV2A is not understood, levetiracetam and related analogs showed a rank order of affinity for SV2A which correlated with the potency of their antiseizure activity in audiogenic seizure-prone mice.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial onset seizures in adults and children 4 years of age and older with epilepsy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ezogabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ezogabine (D23129) is a close structural analog of the centrally acting analgesic flupitrine. It is a neuronal potassium channel opener being developed as a first-in-class antiepileptic drug (AED) and is currently being studied in Phase 3 trials as an adjunctive treatment for partial-onset seizures in adult patients with refractory epilepsy. FDA approved in June 10, 2011 under the name of ezogabine. 
4. Indication:  Adjuvant treatment of partial-onset seizures. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ganaxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ganaxolone is the 3β-methylated synthetic analog of allopregnanolone; it belongs to a class of compounds referred to as neurosteroids. Ganaxolone is an allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors acting through binding sites which are distinct from the benzodiazepine binding site. It has activity in a broad range of animal models of epilepsy. Ganaxolone has been shown to be well tolerated in adults and children. In early phase II studies, Ganaxolone has been shown to have activity in adult patients with partial-onset seizures and epileptic children with history of infantile spasms. It is currently undergoing further development in infants with newly diagnosed infantile spasms, in women with catamenial epilepsy, and in adults with refractory partial-onset seizures.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pediatric indications and seizure disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Muscimol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Muscimol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Epilepsy and Parkinson's Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Talampanel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talampanel is a substance that is being studied in the treatment of brain tumors and other brain disorders, such as epilepsy and Parkinson disease. It is a type of AMPA receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Vinpocetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vinpocetine has been investigated for the treatment of Epilepsy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
