DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sodium sulfide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium sulfide is a chemical compound with a chemical formula Na2S. Sodium sulfide is used in the pulp and paper industry, water treatment, textile industry, and various chemical manufacturing processes including the production of rubber chemicals, sulfur dyes and oil recovery. Along with its hydrate form, sodium sulfide releases hydrogen sulfide (H2S) when in contact with moist air. H2S is an endogenous gaseous transmitter that exhibits anti-inflammatory and antiapoptotic properties. Along with other sulfides, the anti-inflammatory and tissue-protective effects of sodium sulfide have been investigated in models of inflammation and oxidative stress. Interestingly, sodium sulfide was shown to have some cardioprotective role against cardiac ischemia or reperfusion injury, as well as protect lungs against ventilator-induced lung injury [1]. However the clinical significance and mechanism of action of sodium sulfide and replication of results across other studies are not yet fully determined.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Chlorfenson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Chlorfenson is developed by Moberg Derma for the treatment of onychomycosis (nail fungus) as the primary indication.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tavaborole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tavaborale is a novel, boron-based topical antifungal medication for the treatment of onychomycosis, a fungal infection of the nail and nail bed due to Trichophyton rubrum or Trichophyton mentagrophytes infection. Tavaborole functions by inhibiting Leucyl-tRNA synthetase, or LeuRS, an essential fungal enzyme required for protein synthesis and for the catalysis of ATP-dependent ligation of L-leucine to tRNA(Leu).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of onychomycosis (a fungal infection) of the toenails due to Trichophyton rubrum or Trichophyton mentagrophytes. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Arsenic trioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Arsenic trioxide is a chemotheraputic agent of idiopathic function used to treat leukemia that is unresponsive to first line agents. It is suspected that arsenic trisulfide induces cancer cells to undergo apoptosis. Due to the toxic nature of arsenic, this drug carries significant health risks. The enzyme thioredoxin reductase has recently been identified as a target for arsenic trioxide.
4. Indication:  For induction of remission and consolidation in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), and whose APL is characterized by the presence of the t(15;17) translocation or PML/RAR-alpha gene expression
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Urea
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A compound formed in the liver from ammonia produced by the deamination of amino acids. It is the principal end product of protein catabolism and constitutes about one half of the total urinary solids. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  10% hydrate skin15% accelerate fibrin degradation20-30% are antipruritic, break down keratin, decrease the thickness of the stratum corneum and are used in scaling conditions such as ichthysosis40% are proteolytic and may be used to dissolve and peel dystrophic nails[Patient Self Care, 2010]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Terbinafine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal. It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (squalene 2,3-epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatophyte infections of the toenail or fingernail caused by susceptible fungi. Also for the treatment of tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and tinea corporis (body ringworm) or tinea cruris (jock itch).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is a soluble iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate and citrate.[1] FPC is categorized in Japan as a second class OTC drug.[6] This category is given to drugs with ingredients that in rare cases may cause health problems requiring hospitalization or worst.[7] It is also FDA approved since 2015.[FDA Label]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate citrate is indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency to maintain hemoglobin and to reduce the prescribed dose of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA) required to maintain desired hemoglobin levels.[8] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ciclopirox
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciclopirox olamine (used in preparations called Batrafen, Loprox, Mycoster, Penlac and Stieprox) is a synthetic antifungal agent for topical dermatologic treatment of superficial mycoses. It is most useful against Tinea versicolor. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used as a topical treatment in immunocompetent patients with mild to moderate onychomycosis of fingernails and toenails without lunula involvement, due to Trichophyton rubrum.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Griseofulvin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antifungal antibiotic. Griseofulvin may be given by mouth in the treatment of tinea infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ringworm infections of the skin, hair, and nails, namely: tinea corporis, tinea pedis, tinea cruris, tinea barbae, cradle cap or other conditions caused by Trichophyton or Microsporum fungi.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Phenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. 
4. Indication:  Phenol is primarily indicated for minor sore throat pain, sore mouth, minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Additionally, phenol is indicated in the treatment of focal spasticity. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Methionine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A sulfur containing essential amino acid that is important in many body functions. It is a chelating agent for heavy metals.
4. Indication:  Used for protein synthesis including the formation of SAMe, L-homocysteine, L-cysteine, taurine, and sulfate.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tolnaftate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tolnaftate is a synthetic over-the-counter anti-fungal agent. It may come as a cream, powder, spray, or liquid aerosol, and is used to treat jock itch, athlete's foot and ringworm. It is sold under several brand names, most notably Tinactin and Odor Eaters.
4. Indication:  Tolnaftate topical is used to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, and ringworm infections. Tolnaftate is also used, along with other antifungals, to treat infections of the nails, scalp, palms, and soles of the feet. The powder and powder aerosol may be used to prevent athlete's foot.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
