DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oxymetazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A direct acting sympathomimetic used as a vasoconstrictor to relieve nasal congestion. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1251)
4. Indication:  For treatment of nasal congestion and redness associated with minor irritations of the eye
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Beclomethasone dipropionate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Beclomethasone dipropionate is a prodrug of the free form, beclomethasone (beclomethasone-17-monopropionate). An anti-inflammatory, synthetic corticosteroid, it is used topically as an anti-inflammatory agent and in aerosol form for the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis (seasonal and perennial). Beclometasone dipropionate is also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease. It is marketed under several brand names such as Qnasl (US) and Rivanase AQ (Canada).
4. Indication:  Used in the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy in patients 5 years of age and older, and in treating symptoms for allergic rhinitis (seasonal or perennial) in patients 12 years of age and older. Also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Xylometazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nasal vasoconstricting decongestant drug which acts by binding to the same receptors as adrenaline. It is applied as a spray or as drops into the nose to ease inflammation and congestion of the nasal passageways. It binds alpha-adrenergic receptors to activate the adrenal system which causes systemic vasoconstriction, thereby easing nasal congestion.
4. Indication:  It is used for treating nasal congestion and minor inflammation due to allergies or colds.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PH94B
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH94B is being developed by Pherin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the treatment of social phobias (generalized anxiety disorder). It is a member of a new family of pharmaceutical compounds called vomeropherins.
4. Indication:  Intended for the acute treatment of social phobia.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fluticasone propionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone propionate, a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid, is used topically to relieve inflammatory and pruritic symptoms of dermatoses and psoriasis, intranasally to manage symptoms of allergic and non-allergic rhinitis, and orally for the treatment of asthma. Fluticasone proprionate is marketed under several different brand names such as Flonase®. Fluticasone propionate is also available as a combination product of azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate called Dymista™. Dymista™ is indicated in patients over 12 years old for symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone propionate, a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid, is used topically to relieve inflammatory and pruritic symptoms of dermatoses and psoriasis, intranasally to manage symptoms of allergic and non-allergic rhinitis, and orally for the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy and for patients requiring oral corticosteroid therapy for asthma.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Exisulind
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adenomatous polyposis coli, lung cancer, prostate cancer, colon polyps, Barrett's esophagus disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Propylhexedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.
4. Indication:  It is used to provide temporary symptomatic relief of nasal congestion due to colds, allergies and allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Triamcinolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given, as the free alcohol or in esterified form, orally, intramuscularly, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p739)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tymazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tymazoline is a nasal preparation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Inflammation of the lining of the nose and paranasal sinuses and allergic inflammation of nasopharyngeal.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cyclopentamine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Cyclopentamine is a sympathomimetic alkylamine, classified as a vasoconstrictor. Cyclopentamine was indicated in the past as an over-the-counter medication for use as a nasal decongestant, notably in Europe and Australia, but has now been largely discontinued possibly due to the availability, effectiveness, and safety of a structurally similar drug, propylhexedrine.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tramazoline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tramazoline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01601509 (Nasal Tramazoline and Dexamethazone in Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) Patients Tramazoline and).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Levmetamfetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Levomethamphetamine is the levorotary (L-enantiomer) form of methamphetamine. Levomethamphetamine is a sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor which is the active ingredient in some over-the-counter (OTC) nasal decongestant inhalers in the United States.
4. Indication:  Among its physiological effects are the vasoconstriction that makes it useful for nasal decongestion.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Naphazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naphazoline is a rapid acting sympathomimetic vasoconstrictor of occular artierioles. It acts to decrease congestion of the conjunctiva and is found in many over-the-counter eye drops.
4. Indication:  Naphazoline is primarily indicated in conditions like Corneal vascularity, Hyperaemia, Itching, Nasal congestion, and can also be given in adjunctive therapy as an alternative drug of choice in Sinusitis
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Rupatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rupatadine is a dual histamine H1 receptor and platelet activating factor receptor antagonist that is used for symptomatic relief in seasonal and perennial rhinitis as well as chronic spontaneous urticaria. It was approved for marketing in Canada under the tradename Rupall and comes in tablet formulation for adult use and liquid formulation for pediatric use.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of nasal and non-nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients 2 years of age and older [FDA Label]. Also used for the symptomatic relief of chronic spontaneous urticaria in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Levonordefrin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Levonordefrin acts as a topical nasal decongestant and vasoconstrictor, most often used in dentistry.
4. Indication:  Used as a topical nasal decongestant and vasoconstrictor in dentistry.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pseudoephedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist that may also enhance release of norepinephrine. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including asthma, heart failure, rhinitis, and urinary incontinence, and for its central nervous system stimulatory effects in the treatment of narcolepsy and depression. It has become less extensively used with the advent of more selective agonists.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycol (Macrogol, PEG) is a polyether compound with many applications from industrial manufacturing to medicine. PEG is the basis of a number of laxatives (e.g., macrogol-containing products, such as Movicol and polyethylene glycol 3350, or SoftLax, MiraLAX,ClearLAX, Osmolax or GlycoLax). Whole bowel irrigation with polyethylene glycol and added electrolytes is used for bowel preparation before surgery or colonoscopy. Therapeutic classification is as an Osmotic Laxative that works by drawing water into the lumen of the intestinal tract. Shown to decrease consistency and increase weight of stool in constipated patients at low doses.
4. Indication:  Used to treat and prevent constipation.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Phenylpropanolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Phenylpropanolamine has been withdrawn in Canada and the United States. In November 2000, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a public health advisory against the use of the drug.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, control of urinary incontinence, priapism and obesity.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Flunisolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flunisolide (marketed as AeroBid, Nasalide, Nasarel) is a corticosteroid often prescribed as treatment for allergic rhinitis. The principle mechanism of action of flunisolide is to activate glucocorticoid receptors. It also has anti-inflammatory action.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of asthma as a prophylactic therapy.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cromoglicic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A chromone complex that acts by inhibiting the release of chemical mediators from sensitized mast cells. It is used in the prophylactic treatment of both allergic and exercise-induced asthma, but does not affect an established asthmatic attack.
4. Indication:  For the management of patients with bronchial asthma. Also used in the treatment of vernal keratoconjunctivitis, vernal conjunctivitis, and vernal keratitis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Antazoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antazoline is a 1st generation antihistamine that also anticholinergic properties used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
4. Indication:  Used to relieve nasal congestion and in eye drops, usually in combination with naphazoline, to relieve the symptoms of allergic conjunctivitis.
