DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Brexpiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brexpiprazole is a novel D2 dopamine and serotonin 1A partial agonist, called serotonin-dopamine activity modulator (SDAM), and a potent antagonist of serotonin 2A receptors, noradrenergic alpha 1B and 2C receptors. Brexpiprazole is approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and as an adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Although it failed Phase II clinical trials for ADHD, it has been designed to provide improved efficacy and tolerability (e.g., less akathisia, restlessness and/or insomnia) over established adjunctive treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD).
4. Indication:  As an adjunctive treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) and for treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ingenol Mebutate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ingenol mebutate was approved by the FDA in January 2012, and it is marketed under the name Picato®. Picato gel is indicated for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Before approval, ingenol mebutate was called PEP005 as an investigational drug. PEP005 is a selective small molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) extracted from the plant Euphorbia peplus, whose sap has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of skin conditions including warts and cancer. PEP005 also has potent anti-leukemic effects, inducing apoptosis in myeloid leukemia cell lines and primary AML cells at nanomolar concentrations. 
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Belimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Belimumab is an intravenous immunosupressant for the adjunctive treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE). More specifically, it is a fully human recombinant IgG1λ monoclonal antibody produced from a recombinant NS0 cell line stably transfected with the belimumab heavy chain and light chain genes. It is the first biological treatment approved for the indication of SLE. Concomitant use with live or inactivated vaccines must be avoided. Belimumab was FDA approved on March 9, 2011. Belimumab consists of 2 heavy chains, and 2 light chains of the lambda subclass. Each heavy chain contains 452 amino acid residues and each light chain contains 214 amino acid residues. There are 3 post-translational modifications: a conserved N-linked glycosylation on the CH2 domain at Asn 303 of the heavy chain, the conversion of the N-terminal glutamine residue of the heavy chain into pyroglutamate, and loss of C-terminal lysine residue of the heavy chain.
4. Indication:  Adjunct treatment for auto-antibody-positive active systemic lupus erythematosus. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Anakinra
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). The difference between anakinra and the native human IL-1Ra is that anakinra has an extra methionine residue at the amino terminus. It is manufactured by using the E. coli expression system. Anakinra is composed of 153 amino acid residues. FDA approved on November 14, 2001. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult rheumatoid arthritis and treatment of Neonatal-Onset Multisystem Inflammatory Disease (NOMID). 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aclidinium is an anticholinergic for the long-term management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It has a much higher propensity to bind to muscarinic receptors than nicotinic receptors. FDA approved on July 24, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Aclidinium bromide inhalation powder is indicated for the long-term, maintenance treatment of bronchospasm associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and emphysema.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Umeclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the long-term, once-daily, maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Silodosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silodosin is an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that is selective for the prostate. Silodosin is for symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. FDA approved Oct 9, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment for symptomatic relief of benign prostatic hyperplasia 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vedolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vedolizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the human lymphocyte α4β7 integrin, a key mediator of gastrointestinal inflammation. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease for patients who have had an inadequate response with, lost response to, or were intolerant to inhibitors of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) or other conventional therapies. By blocking its primary target, α4β7 integrin, vedolizumab reduces inflammation in the gut. Vedolizumab is administered by IV infusion over a period of 30 minutes; after the first dose, it is given again at two and six weeks and then every 8 weeks thereafter.
4. Indication:  Vedolizumab is indicated for adult patients with moderately to severely active UC or CD who have had an inadequate response with, lost response to, or were intolerant to a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blocker or immunomodulator; or had an inadequate response with, were intolerant to, or demonstrated dependence on corticosteroids. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lorcaserin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lorcaserin (previously APD-356), a highly selective 5HT2C receptor agonist, is used for the treatment of obesity. It has been shown to reduce body weight and food intake in animal models of obesity, and it is thought that targeting the 5HT2C receptor may alter body weight by regulating satiety. Lorcaserin is marketed as a salt form called Belviq, which is lorcaserin hydrochloride.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity, as an adjunct to a reduced-calorie diet and increased physical activity.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Olodaterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olodaterol is a novel, long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) that exerts its pharmacological effect by binding and activating beta2-adrenergic receptors located primarily in the lungs. Beta2-adrenergic receptors are membrane-bound receptors that are normally activated by endogenous epinephrine whose signalling, via a downstream L-type calcium channel interaction, mediates smooth muscle relaxation and bronchodilation. Activation of the receptor stimulates an associated G protein which then activates adenylate cyclase, catalyzing the formation of cyclic adenosine monophosphate (cAMP) and protein kinase A (PKA). Elevation of these two molecules induces bronchodilation by relaxation of airway smooth muscles. It is by this mechanism that olodaterol is used for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and the progressive airflow obstruction that is characteristic of it. Treatment with bronchodilators helps to mitigate associated symptoms such as shortness of breath, cough, and sputum production. Single doses of olodaterol have been shown to improve forced expiratory volume in 1 sec (FEV1) for 24 h in patients with COPD, allowing once daily dosing. A once-a-day treatment with a LABA has several advantages over short-acting bronchodilators and twice-daily LABAs including improved convenience and compliance and improved airflow over a 24-hour period. Despite similarities in symptoms, olodaterol is not indicated for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD or for the treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Olodaterol is indicated for use in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and/or emphysema. It is not indicated for the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD or for the treatment of asthma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Abatacept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Abatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. Although approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, Repligen has entered a slightly different formulation of CTLA4-Ig into clinical trials (RG2077).
4. Indication:  For the management of the signs and symptoms of moderate-to-severe active rheumatoid arthritis, inducing major clinical response, slowing the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in adult patients. It is indicated both as a monotherapy and for use in combination with a continued regimen of DMARDs (not including TNF antagonists). Also used for the management of the signs and symptoms of moderately to severely active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis in children.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Topiroxostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Topiroxostat is a selective xanthine oxidase inhibitor developed for treatment and management of hyperuricemia and gout. Xanthine oxidase, or xanthine oxidoreductase (XOR), regulates purine metabolism, and inhibition of the enzyme results in efficacious reduction of serum urate levels. Xanthine oxidase inhibitors are classified into two groups; purine analogs such as Allopurinol and Oxypurinol, and non-purine agents which includes topiroxostat. While Allopurinol is considered a first-line therapy in treating hyperuricemic conditions, it is often associated with side effects and ineffective in reducing uric acid levels under recommended dosing regimens. Renal complications are major comorbidities that limit the Allopurinol therapy as dose reductions are recommended. Topiroxostat and its metabolites are shown to be unaffected by renal complications, thus may be effective in patients with chronic kidney diseases [2]. Approved for therapeutic use in Japan since 2013, topiroxostat is marketed under the name Topiloric and Uriadec and is orally administered twice daily.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of gout and hyperurcemia in Japan.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mirabegron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic receptor agonist for the management of overactive bladder. It is an alternative to antimuscarinic drugs for this indication. FDA approved on June 28, 2012.
4. Indication:  Mirabegron is a beta-3 adrenergic agonist indicated for the treatment of overactive bladder (OAB) with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Alogliptin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Alogliptin is a selective, orally-bioavailable inhibitor of enzymatic activity of dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4). Chemically, alogliptin is prepared as a benzoate salt and exists predominantly as the R-enantiomer (>99%). It undergoes little or no chiral conversion in vivo to the (S)-enantiomer. FDA approved January 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes mellitus. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lanreotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lanreotide (INN) is a medication used in the management of acromegaly and symptoms caused by neuroendocrine tumors, most notably carcinoid syndrome. It is a long-acting analogue of somatostatin, like octreotide. Its sequence is H-D-2Nal-Cys(1)-Tyr-D-Trp-Lys-Val-Cys(1)-Thr-NH2. Lanreotide (as lanreotide acetate) is manufactured by Ipsen, and marketed under the trade name Somatuline. It is available in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, and was approved for sale in the United States by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on August 30, 2007.
4. Indication:  Lanreotide is a somatostatin analog approved for treatment of neuroendocrine tumours and acromegaly. (2)
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lumacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumacaftor is a drug used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 6 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, a transmembrane ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes of the lungs, pancreas, and other organs. Mutations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the CFTR protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes [3, 4]. As a result, CF patients produce a thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition [5]. Lumacaftor improves CF symptoms and underlying disease pathology by aiding the conformational stability of F508del-mutated CFTR proteins, preventing misfolding and resulting in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms [FDA Label]. This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi [8]. Improvements in lung function (ppFEV1) were found to be statistically significant, but minimal, with only a 2.6-3.0% change from baseline with more than 70% of patients failing to achieve an absolute improvement of at least 5% [8, 9].A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR, or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes [6]. When used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is specific for the management of CF in patients with delta-F508 mutations as it acts as a protein-folding chaperone, aiding the conformational stability of the mutated CFTR protein. Consequently, lumacaftor increases successful production of CFTR ion channels and the total number of receptors available for use at the cell membrane for fluid and ion transport [2]. The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide, is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered [7]. Treatment of patients with G551D and other rarer missense mutations is usually managed with Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), as it aids with altered gating mechanisms by potentiating channel opening probability of CFTR protein.Prior to the development of lumacaftor and Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process. Approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration in July 2015 and by Health Canada in January 2016, Orkambi was the first combination product approved for the management of Cystic Fibrosis with delta-F508 mutations.Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  When given in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is indicated for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF) in patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tofacitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tofacitinib is an inhibitor of Janus kinases, a group of intracellular enzymes involved in signalling pathways that affect hematopoiesis and immune cell function. It is approved by the FDA for treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis that responds inadequately to methotrexate or in those who are intolerant to methotrexate.Besides rheumatoid arthritis, tofacitinib has also been studied in clinical trials for the prevention of organ transplant rejection, and is currently under investigation for the treatment of psoriasis. Known adverse effects include nausea and headache as well as more serious immunologic and hematological adverse effects. Tofacitinib is marketed under the brand name Xeljanz by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis which is resistant or intolerant to methotrexate therapy. It may also be used as an adjunct to methotrexate therapy, or other non-biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDS), when methotrexate alone is not sufficient. Tofacitinib has also been investigated as a preventative therapy for kidney transplant rejections, and as a treatment for psoriasis, ulcerative colitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is not to be initiated in patients with a history of chronic or recurrent infections, or in the presence of active infection, even if localized, due to reports of serious and sometimes fatal infections (commonly pneumonia, herpes zoster and urinary tract infections). Use of tofacitinib is also discouraged in those who have been, or are likely to be, exposed to TB. An increased likelihood of exposure may be encountered by traveling to certain areas. In addition, tofacitinib is not to be used in patients with severe hepatic impairment, or low hemoglobin (less than 9g/dL). Cautioned is advised when using tofacitinib in patients at risk of gastrointestinal perforation, and in the elderly who are more susceptible to infection. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
