DrugId:  1
1. Name:  INGN 201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INGN 201(Advexin) is a replication-impaired adenoviral vector that carries the p53 gene, has been evaluated in both preclinical and clinical trials. Advexin is a well-tolerated and efficacious treatment for numerous cancers, both as monotherapy and in combination with radiation and/or chemotherapy agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bladder cancer, brain cancer, breast cancer, esophageal cancer, head and neck cancer, lung cancer, oral cavity cancer, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  TRO19622
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRO19622 is a cholesterol-like small molecule that has demonstrated a remarkable neuroprotective profile in a battery of both in vitro and in vivo preclinical models. For example, it has demonstrated the ability to prevent neurodegeneration, enhance nerve function and accelerate neuroregeneration following nerve trauma. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Peach
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal pneumonia due to susceptible strains and group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infections of the upper respiratory tract.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Vicriviroc
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vicriviroc, previously named SCH 417690 and SCH-D, is a pyrimidine currently undergoing clinical trials as a CCR5 entry inhibitor of HIV-1. It was developed by the pharmaceutical company Schering-Plough.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and viral infection.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lutein
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Lutein is an xanthophyll and one of 600 known naturally occurring carotenoids. Lutein is synthesized only by plants and like other xanthophylls is found in high quantities in green leafy vegetables such as spinach, kale and yellow carrots. In green plants, xanthophylls act to modulate light energy and serve as non-photochemical quenching agents to deal with triplet chlorophyll (an excited form of chlorophyll), which is overproduced at very high light levels, during photosynthesis.
4. Indication:  Xanthophylls are taken for nutritional supplementation, and also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Zomepirac
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Zomepirac, formerly marketed as Zomax tablets, was associated with fatal and near-fatal anaphylactoid reactions. The manufacturer voluntarily removed Zomax tablets from the Canadian, US, and UK markets in March 1983.
4. Indication:  Zomepirac was indicated for the management of mild to severe pain.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Olmutinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olmutinib is an orally active epidermal growth factor receptor inhibitor used in the treatment of T790M mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer. It is available under the brand name Olita made by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals [4]. Olmutinib was developed by Hanmi Pharmaceuticals and Boehringer Ingelheim. Olmutinib recieved breakthrough therapy designation in the United States in December 2015 and was approved for use in Korea in May 2016.
4. Indication:  For use in treatment of metastatic T790M mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer [4].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Hexafluronium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hexafluronium bromide is a neuromuscular blocking agent used in anesthesiology to prolong and potentiate the skeletal muscle relaxing action of suxamethonium during surgery. It is known to bind and block the activity of plasma cholinesterases.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct with succinylcholine (or suxamethonium chloride) to prolong muscle relaxation and to prevent succinylcholine-induced muscle fasciculations.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Echothiophate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of subacute or chronic angle-closure glaucoma after iridectomy or where surgery is refused or contraindicated.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cyclopentolate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A parasympatholytic anticholinergic used solely to obtain mydriasis or cycloplegia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly to produce mydriasis and cycloplegia for diagnostic purposes.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chenodeoxycholic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chenodeoxycholic acid (or Chenodiol) is an epimer of ursodeoxycholic acid (DB01586). Chenodeoxycholic acid is a bile acid naturally found in the body. It works by dissolving the cholesterol that makes gallstones and inhibiting production of cholesterol in the liver and absorption in the intestines, which helps to decrease the formation of gallstones. It can also reduce the amount of other bile acids that can be harmful to liver cells when levels are elevated.
4. Indication:  Chenodiol is indicated for patients with radiolucent stones in well-opacifying gallbladders, in whom selective surgery would be undertaken except for the presence of increased surgical risk due to systemic disease or age. Chenodiol will not dissolve calcified (radiopaque) or radiolucent bile pigment stones.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Demecarium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Physostigmine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cholinesterase inhibitor that is rapidly absorbed through membranes. It can be applied topically to the conjunctiva. It also can cross the blood-brain barrier and is used when central nervous system effects are desired, as in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of glaucoma, and in the treatment of severe anticholinergic toxicity.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Isosulfan blue
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Isosulfan Blue is a synthetic visual lymphatic imaging agent. Isosulfan blue upon subcutaneous administration, delineates the lymphatic vessels draining the region of injection. It is an adjunct to lymphography in: primary and secondary lymphedema of the extremities; chyluria, chylous ascites or chylothorax; lymph node involvement by primary or secondary neoplasm; lymph node response to therapeutic modalities. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mangafodipir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mangafodipir is a contrast agent used as a diagnostic tool administered intravenously to enhance contrast in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) of the liver and pancreas. It consists of two parts, the paramagnetic manganese (II) ions and the chelating agent fodipir (dipyridoxyl diphosphate, DPDP). Manganese absorption into the tissues that makes the normal tissue appear brighter in MRI is limited in abnormal or cancerous tissue. Enhanced contrast by mangafodipir improves visualization and detection of lesions of the liver formed from metastatic disease or hepatocellular carcinomas. The contrast agent is present as mangafodipir trisodium marketed under the name Teslascan. Teslascan has been removed from the Drug Product List by FDA in 2003, and withdrawn from the European market in 2012.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an organ-specific paramagnetic contrast agent developed for imaging of the hepatobiliary system and detecting lesions in liver and pancreas.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Antithrombin III human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A plasma alpha 2 glycoprotein that accounts for the major antithrombin activity of normal plasma and also inhibits several other enzymes. It is a member of the serpin superfamily.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin III human is a human antithrombin (AT) indicated in patients with hereditary antithrombin deficiency for the treatment and prevention of thromboembolism and prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolism
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Vedolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vedolizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 monoclonal antibody directed against the human lymphocyte α4β7 integrin, a key mediator of gastrointestinal inflammation. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe active ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease for patients who have had an inadequate response with, lost response to, or were intolerant to inhibitors of tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) or other conventional therapies. By blocking its primary target, α4β7 integrin, vedolizumab reduces inflammation in the gut. Vedolizumab is administered by IV infusion over a period of 30 minutes; after the first dose, it is given again at two and six weeks and then every 8 weeks thereafter.
4. Indication:  Vedolizumab is indicated for adult patients with moderately to severely active UC or CD who have had an inadequate response with, lost response to, or were intolerant to a tumor necrosis factor (TNF) blocker or immunomodulator; or had an inadequate response with, were intolerant to, or demonstrated dependence on corticosteroids. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dapagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for the management of diabetes mellitus type 2, and functions to improve glycemic control in adults when combined with diet and exercise. Dapagliflozin is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, which prevents glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Using dapagliflozin leads to heavy glycosuria (glucose excretion in the urine), which can lead to weight loss and tiredness. Dapagliflozin was approved by the FDA on Jan 08, 2014. Dapagliflozin is not recommended for patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus or for the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis. 
4. Indication:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for adjunct management of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, in combination with diet and exercise. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Acenocoumarol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acenocoumarol is a coumarin derivative used as an anticoagulant. Coumarin derivatives inhibit the reduction of vitamin K by vitamin K reductase. This prevents carboxylation of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors, II, VII, XI and X, and interferes with coagulation. Hematocrit, hemoglobin, international normalized ratio and liver panel should be monitored. Patients on acenocoumarol are prohibited from giving blood. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of thromboembolic diseases. More specifically, it is indicated for the for the prevention of cerebral embolism, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, thromboembolism in infarction and transient ischemic attacks. It is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy for the treatment of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is a type of a non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the second cell-based gene therapy that is FDA-approved but the first in the treatment of large B-cell lymphoma in adult patients. Uniquely, axicabtagene ciloleucel utilizes each patient’s own immune system where each dose of the drug consists of the patient's genetically modified T-cells that were previously collected. The modified version of the T-cell expresses a new gene that targets and kills the lymphoma cells and is infused back into the patient. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common type of NHL in adults that mostly originates from the lymph nodes but can initiate outside of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma cells appear to be much larger in size than normal lymphocytes. In a multicenter clinical trial, the patients who were treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel achieved the complete remission rate of 51%. Developed by Kite Pharma, Inc., it was approved on October 18th, 2017 by the FDA as an intravenously infused anticancer therapy and is marketed under the brand name Yescarta.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, high grade B-cell lymphoma, and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma. 
