DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Milatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Milatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Multiple Myeloma (MM), GVHD (Acute or Chronic), Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  CR002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CR002 is a novel investigational fully human monoclonal antibody that blocks the activity of excess platelet-derived growth factor-D (PDGF-D), a target shown to play a role in kidney inflammation. This is a novel therapeutic approach to treat kidney inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in nephropathy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hyaluronidase (Human Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A purified preparation of the enzyme recombinant human hyaluronidase. Hyaluronidase (Human Recombinant) is produced by genetically engineered Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cells containing a DNA plasmid encoding for a soluble fragment of human hyaluronidase (PH20). The purified hyaluronidase glycoprotein contains 447 amino acids with an approximate molecular weight of 61,000 Daltons.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjuvant to increase the absorption and dispersion of other injected drugs; for hypodermoclysis; and as an adjunct in subcutaneous urography for improving resorption of radiopaque agents.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rezatomidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rezatomidine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibromyalgia, Cystitis, Interstitial, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, and Diabetic Neuropathy, Painful.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Gusperimus
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gusperimus has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Wegeners Granulomatosis, and Wegener's Granulomatosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tanzisertib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tanzisertib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Fibrosis, Discoid Lupus, Pulmonary Fibrosis, Interstitial Lung Disease, and Lung Diseases, Interstitial, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Resiniferatoxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Resiniferatoxin (RTX) is a naturally occurring, ultrapotent capsaicin analog that activates the vanilloid receptor in a subpopulation of primary afferent sensory neurons involved in nociception (the transmission of physiological pain).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in interstitial cystitis and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AQX-1125
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AQX-1125 has been used in trials studying the treatment of COPD, Atopic Dermatitis, Interstitial Cystitis, and Bladder Pain Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Deoxyspergualin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Deoxyspergualin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Chronic Rejection, and Diabetes Mellitus, Type 1.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pentosan Polysulfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A sulfated pentosyl polysaccharide with heparin-like properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Paraldehyde
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paraldehyde is the cyclic trimer of acetaldehyde molecules. It was introduced into clinical practice in the UK by the Italian physician Vincenzo Cervello in 1882. It is a central nervous system depressant and was soon found to be an effective anticonvulsant, hypnotic and sedative. It was included in some cough medicines as an expectorant (though there is no known mechanism for this function beyond the placebo effect).
4. Indication:  Paraldehyde was used historically as a sedative and hypnotic [1]. It has been used in the treatment of seizures as an anticonvulsant [2].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cetuximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetuximab is an epidermal growth factor receptor binding FAB. Cetuximab is composed of the Fv (variable; antigen-binding) regions of the 225 murine EGFr monoclonal antibody specific for the N-terminal portion of human EGFr with human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain constant (framework) regions. Cetuximab is marketed under the brand Erbitux® by Eli Lilly and Company. In the United States, a regimen of cetuximab costs approximately $30,790 for an eight-week course.
4. Indication:  Cetuximab, used in combination with irinotecan, is indicated for the treatment of EGFR-expressing, metastatic colorectal carcinoma in patients who are refractory to irinotecan-based chemotherapy. Cetuximab administered as a single agent is indicated for the treatment of EGFR-expressing, metastatic colorectal carcinoma in patients who are intolerant to irinotecan-based chemotherapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Gadopentetate dimeglumine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)
4. Indication:  For use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults, and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine and associated tissues as well as lesions with abnormal vascularity in the head and neck. Also used to facilitate the visualization of lesions with abnormal vascularity in the body (excluding the heart).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Avelumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Avelumab is a programmed death ligand-1 (PD-L1) blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). It is a fully human anti-PD immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) lambda monoclonal antibody with antineoplastic actions. It was granted accelerated approval in March 2017 under the name Bavencio.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adults and pediatric patients 12 years and older with metastatic Merkel cell carcinoma (MCC). 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sodium stibogluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium stibogluconate is a medicine used to treat leishmaniasis and is only available for administration by injection. It belongs to the class of medicines known as the pentavalent antimonials. Sodium stibogluconate is sold in the UK as Pentostam (manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline). Widespread resistance has limited the utility of sodium stibogluconate, and in many parts of the world, amphotericin or miltefosine are used instead. It is also being investigated as an anti-tumor agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various types of a protozoal infection called leishmaniasis, which may result from sandfly bites in tropical and temperate parts of the world. Also investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dimethyl sulfoxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly polar organic liquid, that is used widely as a chemical solvent. Because of its ability to penetrate biological membranes, it is used as a vehicle for topical application of pharmaceuticals. It is also used to protect tissue during cryopreservation. Dimethyl sulfoxide shows a range of pharmacological activity including analgesia and anti-inflammation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of patients with interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Pazopanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pazopanib is a small molecule inhibitor of multiple protein tyrosine kinases with potential antineoplastic activity. It is developed by GlaxoSmithKline and was FDA approved on October 19, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of advanced renal cell cancer and advanced soft tissue sarcoma (in patients previously treated with chemotherapy) 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Temsirolimus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Temsirolimus is an intravenous drug for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC), developed by Wyeth Pharmaceuticals and approved by the FDA in late May 2007, and was also approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMEA) on November 2007. It is a derivative of sirolimus and is sold as Torisel.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of renal cell carcinoma (RCC). Also investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), rheumatoid arthritis, and multiple myeloma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
