DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Gadofosveset trisodium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadofosveset trisodium is an intravenous contrast agent used with magnetic resonance angiography(MRA), which is a non-invasive way of imaging blood vessels. The agent allows for the vascular system to be imaged more clearly by the MRA. In this way, gadofosveset trisodium is used to help diagnose certain disorders of the heart and blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Gadofosveset trisodium is indicated for use as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) to evaluate aortoiliac occlusive disease (AIOD) in adults with known or suspected peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gadoteric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadoteric acid is a macrocycle-structured gadolinium-based MRI contrast agent. It is composed of the organic acid DOTA (1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1,4,7,10-tetraacetic acid) used for its chelating properties, and gadolinium (Gd3+). As a paramagnetic molecule, gadoterate develops a magnetic moment when placed in a magnetic field. This magnetic moment enhances the relaxation rates of water protons in its vicinity, leading to an increase in signal intensity (brightness) of tissues. More specifically, it reduces the T1 relaxation time (and to some extent the T2 and T2* relaxation times) in NMR, which is the source of its clinical utility. Increased signal brightness allows it to be used in imaging of blood vessels and of inflamed or diseased tissue where the blood vessels become 'leaky'. Gadoteric acid, as the FDA approved product Dotarem, is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
4. Indication:  Gadoteric acid is indicated for intravenous use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in brain (intracranial), spine and associated tissues in adult and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to detect and visualize areas with disruption of the blood brain barrier (BBB) and/or abnormal vascularity.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gadobutrol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Intravenous gadobutrol is a second-generation extracellular non-ionic macrocyclic GBCA (gadolinium-based contrast agent) used in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults and children older than 2 years of age. It may help visualize and detect vascular abnormalities in the blood brain barrier (BBB) and central nervous system (CNS). In patients with impaired renal function, gadolinium based contrast agents increase the risk of nephrogenic systemic fibrosis (NSF). A physician should be contacted if symptoms of NSF are encountered, such as dark or red patches on the skin; stiffness in joints; trouble moving, bending or straightening arms, hands, legs or feet; burning, itching, swelling, scaling, hardening and tightening of skin; pain in hip bones or ribs; or muscle weakness. Common adverse reactions that may be experienced include headache, nausea, feeling hot, abnormal taste, and warmth, burning or pain local to the injection site. General precautions should be taken in patients who are pregnant or breastfeeding, or who have a history of allergic reaction to contrast media, bronchial asthma or an allergic respiratory disorder.
4. Indication:  For diagnostic use only. Indicated for adults and children age 2 and over for contrast enhancement during cranial and spinal MRI, and for contrast-enhanced magnetic resonance angiography (CE-MRA). Gadobutrol is particularly suited for the detection of very small lesions and for the visualization of tumors that do not readily take up contrast media. It may be a desired agent when the exclusion or demonstration of an additional pathology may influence the choice of therapy or patient management. It may also be suitable for perfusion studies in the diagnosis of stroke, detection of focal cerebral ischemia, and in studies of tumor perfusion. 
