DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AR-42
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AR-42 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Meningioma, Acoustic Neuroma, Testicular Lymphoma, Intraocular Lymphoma, and Vestibular Schwannoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Perflutren
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perflutren, a diagnostic drug that is intended to be used for contrast enhancement during the indicated echocardiographic procedures, is comprised of lipid-coated microspheres filled with octafluoropropane(OFP) gas. When exposed to ultrasound waves, the microspheres resonate and "echo" strong signals back to the ultrasound machine. The difference in density between the gas-filled bubbles and the blood around them creates an increased level of contrast visible in the resulting ultrasound image. During echocardiography, activated Perflutren enhances images of the inner edges or borders of the heart, producing an improved image that may enable physicians to better diagnose patients.
4. Indication:  Used as an ultrasound contrast imaging in cardiology and radiology.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
