DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pozanicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-089 is a neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptor agonist that may have therapeutic utility for the treatment of several neurological disorders including Alzheimer, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and Schizophrenia/Schizoaffective disorders. In radioligand binding studies, ABT-089 has shown selectivity toward the alpha4beta2 nAChR subtype as compared to the alpha7 and alpha1beta1deltagamma nAChR subtypes. Neuronal nicotinic acetylcholine receptors (nAChRs) modulate the release of several important neurotransmitters, such as acetylcholine and dopamine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in Alzheimer's disease, Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), and Schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  AX200
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AX200, which has been developed for the treatment of stroke, is the most advanced drug candidate and is halfway through the process of gaining clinical approval. The expression of the endogenous AX200 protein in the brain is increased after brain damage. Thus, if this drug administered in the acute phase of stroke, the brain’s own protective action is supported. And this is where the double neurotherapeutic approach is most beneficial: AX200 stops neuronal cell death in the acute phase of stroke, while stimulating simultaneously the regeneration of nervous tissue through the induction of neuro- and arteriogenesis and supporting the reorganisation of the nervous system.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and strokes.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bradanicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bradanicline, a novel small molecule that modulates the activity of the neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) subtype known as alpha7(α7). Bradanicline belongs to a new class of drugs for the treatment of central nervous system diseases and disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Xaliproden
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  PYM50028
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cogane (PYM50028/P58, p59, p63) is a novel non-peptide, orally bioavailable neurotrophic factor inducer that readily reverses free radical neurotoxicity produced by 1-ethyl-4- phenylpyridium (MPP+) in dopaminergic neurones and reverses the decrease of neuronal growth factors and dopamine receptors in the brain. Pre-clinical work with Cogane showed it to be neuroprotective against betya-amyloid and glutamate damage which contributes to Alzheimer's disease and reverses the changes in the area of the brain involved in Parkinson’s disease.P58 is a protein synthesis stimulant acts by restoring levels of proteins that are altered in the ageing brain, reversing the loss of nerve receptors in the ageing brain and potentially allowing for the regrowth of neural connections. P58 therefore provides a totally novel mode of action with potential importance for diseases associated with ageing of the brain. P58 is one of a family of phytochemicals (Cogane) isolated from traditional treatments for the elderly that have previously been shown to offer significant benefit in the treatment of senile dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NXN-188
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NXN-188 is a first-in-class, dual-action small molecule incorporating both neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) inhibition and 5-HT agonism that is being developed for the treatment of acute migraine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  EHT 0202
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHT 0202 is developed to treat neurodegenerative disorders by ExonHit Therapeutics.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Escitalopram
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Escitalopram, the S-enantiomer of citalopram, belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Escitalopram may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Unlabeled indications include treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Beta-Alanine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  An amino acid formed in vivo by the degradation of dihydrouracil and carnosine. Since neuronal uptake and neuronal receptor sensitivity to beta-alanine have been demonstrated, the compound may be a false transmitter replacing GAMMA-AMINOBUTYRIC ACID. A rare genetic disorder, hyper-beta-alaninemia, has been reported. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  V1003
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  V1003 is an intranasal formulation of buprenorphine, an opiate analgesic, for the management of post-operative pain in hospital and home settings. Buprenorphine is a well-known analgesic and the intranasal formulation has the potential to provide a convenient alternative to other treatments, allowing patients to manage their post-operative pain both prior to discharge from hospital and at home during their recovery period.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  AdPEDF
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AdPEDF is under development for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration (AMD). It has been shown to rapidly elevate the intraocular AdPEDF protein levels in the eye, inhibit abnormal blood vessel growth, and cause abnormal blood vessels to regress while protecting the eye’s photoreceptors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Zimelidine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Zimelidine has been banned worldwide due to serious, sometimes fatal, cases of central and/or peripheral neuropathy known as Guillain-Barré syndrome and due to a peculiar hypersensitivity reaction involving many organs including skin exanthema, flu-like symptoms, arthralgias, and sometimes eosinophilia. Additionally, zimelidine was charged to cause an increase in suicidal ideation and/or attempts among depressive patients. After its ban, it was succeeded by fluvoxamine and fluoxetine (derived from the antihistamine diphenhydramine) in that order, and the other SSRIs.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Oxybuprocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oxybuprocaine is the name of a local anesthetic, which is used especially in ophthalmology and otolaryngology. Oxybuprocaine binds to sodium channels and reversibly stabilizes the neuronal membrane which decreases its permeability to sodium ions.
4. Indication:  Used to temporarily numb the front surface of the eye so that the eye pressure can be measured or a foreign body removed.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Perampanel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perampanel is a noncompetitive AMPA glutamate receptor antagonist. It is marketed under the name Fycompa™ and is indicated as an adjunct in patients over 12 years old for the treatment of partial-onset seizures that may or may not occur with generalized seizures. The FDA label includes an important black-boxed warning of serious or life-threatening behavioral and psychiatric reactions in patients taking Fycompa™.
4. Indication:  Used in patients over 12 years old for the treatment of partial-onset seizures that may or may not occur with generalized seizures.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluvoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluvoxamine is an antidepressant which functions pharmacologically as a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Though it is in the same class as other SSRI drugs, it is most often used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder.Fluvoxamine has been in use in clinical practice since 1983 and has a clinical trial database comprised of approximately 35,000 patients. It was launched in the US in December 1994 and in Japan in June 1999. As of the end of 1995, more than 10 million patients worldwide have been treated with fluvoxamine.
4. Indication:  Indicated predominantly for the management of depression and for Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) [FDA Label]. Has also been used in the management of bulimia nervosa [2].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ketazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ketazolam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Ketazolam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Ketazolam could be used for the treatment of anxiety. In approved countries, it is indicated for the treatment of anxiety, tension, irritability and similar stress related symptoms.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Bupropion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A unicyclic, aminoketone antidepressant. The mechanism of its therapeutic actions is not well understood, but it does appear to block dopamine uptake. The hydrochloride is available as an aid to smoking cessation treatment.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and as aid to smoking cessation.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Piracetam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Piracetam is a nootropic drug in the racetams group, with chemical name 2-oxo-1-pyrrolidine acetamide. It shares the same 2-oxo-pyrrolidone base structure with pyroglutamic acid and is a cyclic derivative of the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA). However its mechanism of action differ from that of endogenous GABA.Piracetam has neuroprotective and anticonvulsant properties and is reported to improve neural plasticity [1]. Its efficacy is documented in cognitive disorders and dementia, vertigo, cortical myoclonus, dyslexia, and sickle cell anemia although the clinical application in these conditions is not yet established. Piracetam has effects on the vascular system by reduce erythrocyte adhesion to vascular endothelium, hinder vasospasm and facilitate microcirculation [1].Originally marketed by UCB Pharma in 1971, piracetam was the first nootropic drug to modulate cognitive function without causing sedation or stimulation [1]. In the United States, it is not approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for any medical use and it is not permitted to be sold as a dietary supplement. In the UK, piracetam is prescribed mainly for myoclonus, but is used off-label for other conditions such as learning difficulties in children, memory loss or other cognitive defects in the elderly, and sickle-cell vaso-occlusive crises [4]. Evidence to support its use for many conditions is unclear.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adult patients suffering from myoclonus of cortical origin, irrespective of aetiology, and should be used in combination with other anti-myoclonic therapies [5].
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Indecainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indecainide is a rarely used antidysrhythmic. Indecainide has local anesthetic activity and belongs to the membrane stabilizing (Class 1) group of antiarrhythmic agents; it has electrophysiologic effects characteristic of the IC class of antiarrhythmics.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening dysrhythmias and sustained ventricular tachycardia.
