DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Zuclopenthixol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zuclopenthixol, also known as Zuclopentixol or Zuclopenthixolum, is an antipsychotic agent. Zuclopenthixol is a thioxanthene-based neuroleptic with therapeutic actions similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. It is an antagonist at D1 and D2 dopamine receptors. Major brands of zuclopenthixol are Cisordinol, Acuphase, and Clopixol. This drug is a liquid. This compound belongs to the thioxanthenes. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a thioxanthene moiety, which is an aromatic tricycle derived from xanthene by replacing the oxygen atom with a sulfur atom. Known drug targets of zuclopenthixol include 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A, D(1B) dopamine receptor, D(2) dopamine receptor, D(1A) dopamine receptor, and alpha-1A adrenergic receptor. It is known that zuclopenthixol is metabolized by Cytochrome P450 2D6. Zuclopenthixol was approved for use in Canada in 2011, but is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of acute psychoses such as mania or schizophrenia. However, the use of zuclopenthixol acetate in psychiatric emergencies as an alternative to standard treatments (haloperidol, clotiapine, etc.) should be cautioned, since well executed and documented trials of zuclopenthixol acetate for this use have yet to be conducted. Zuclopenthixol acetate is not intended for long-term use.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Perospirone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Perospirone is an atypical or second-generation antipsychotic of the azapirone family that antagonizes serotonin 5HT2A receptors and dopamine D2 receptors. It also displays affinity towards 5HT1A receptors as a partial agonist. It was introduced in Japan by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma in 2001 for the treatment of acute and chronic schizophrenia and acute cases of bipolar mania. It is commonly present as the hydrated hydrochloride salt form. Classified as a neuroleptic agent, perospirone is shown to be effective against positive, negative and general symptoms in patients with schizophrenia [1]. It is also shown to be less associated with extrapyramidal symptoms as a side effect compared to Haloperidol.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and acute cases of bipolar mania.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Bromocriptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bromocriptine mesylate is a semisynthetic ergot alkaloid derivative with potent dopaminergic activity. It is indicated for the management of signs and symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome. Bromocriptine also inhibits prolactin secretion and may be used to treat dysfunctions associated with hyperprolactinemia. It also causes sustained suppression of somatotropin (growth hormone) secretion in some patients with acromegaly. Bromocriptine has been associated with pulmonary fibrosis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of galactorrhea due to hyperprolactinemia, prolactin-dependent menstrual disorders and infertility, prolactin-secreting adenomas, prolactin-dependent male hypogonadism, as adjunct therapy to surgery or radiotherapy for acromegaly or as monotherapy is special cases, as monotherapy in early Parksinsonian Syndrome or as an adjunct with levodopa in advanced cases with motor complications. Bromocriptine has also been used off-label to treat restless legs syndrome and neuroleptic malignant syndrome.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pergolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pergolide is a long-acting dopamine agonist approved in 1982 for the treatment of Parkinson’s Disease. It is an ergot derivative that acts on the dopamine D2 and D3, alpha2- and alpha1-adrenergic, and 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptors. It was indicated as adjunct therapy with levodopa/carbidopa in the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonian syndrome. It was later found that pergolide increased the risk of cardiac valvulopathy. The drug was withdrawn from the US market in March 2007 and from the Canadian market in August 2007.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in the management of the signs and symptoms of Parkinson's disease. It was withdrawn from the US and Canadian markets in 2007 due to an increased risk of cardiac valvulopathy. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cabergoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cabergoline, an ergot derivative, is a long-acting dopamine agonist and prolactin inhibitor. It is used to treat hyperprolactinemic disorders and Parkinsonian Syndrome. Cabergoline possesses potent agonist activity on dopamine D2 receptors. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperprolactinemic disorders, either idiopathic or due to prolactinoma (prolactin-secreting adenomas). May also be used to manage symptoms of Parkinsonian Syndrome as monotherapy during initial symptomatic management or as an adjunct to levodopa therapy during advanced stages of disease. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  GTI 2040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2040 is a substance that is being studied as a treatment for cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called antisense oligonucleotides.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia (myeloid), leukemia (unspecified), myelodysplastic syndrome, prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dantrolene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Chemically, dantrolene is a hydantoin derivative, but does not exhibit antiepileptic activity like other hydantoin derivates such as phenytoin.
4. Indication:  For use, along with appropriate supportive measures, for the management of the fulminant hypermetabolism of skeletal muscle characteristic of malignant hyperthermia crises in patients of all ages. Also used preoperatively, and sometimes postoperatively, to prevent or attenuate the development of clinical and laboratory signs of malignant hyperthermia in individuals judged to be malignant hyperthermia susceptible.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chlorambucil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic agent for the treatment of various malignant and nonmalignant diseases. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic lymphatic (lymphocytic) leukemia, childhood minimal-change nephrotic syndrome, and malignant lymphomas including lymphosarcoma, giant follicular lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, and Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pimozide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphenylbutylpiperidine that is effective as an antipsychotic agent and as an alternative to haloperidol for the suppression of vocal and motor tics in patients with Tourette syndrome. Although the precise mechanism of action is unknown, blockade of postsynaptic dopamine receptors has been postulated. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p403)
4. Indication:  Used for the suppression of motor and phonic tics in patients with Tourette's Disorder who have failed to respond satisfactorily to standard treatment.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tiapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiapride is a drug that selectively blocks D2 and D3 dopamine receptors in the brain.
4. Indication:  Tiapride is indicated for the treatment of a variety of neurological and psychiatric disorders including dyskinesia, alcohol withdrawal syndrome, negative symptoms of psychosis, and agitation and aggression in the elderly.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Aceprometazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aceprometazine (INN) is a prescription drug with neuroleptic and anti-histamine properties. It is not widely prescribed. It may be used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders. This combination is available in France under the trade name Mepronizine. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Aceprometazine is often used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Amatuximab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amatuximab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Mesothelioma, Ovarian Cancer, Ovarian Neoplasms, Pancreatic Cancer, and Mesothelioma, Malignant, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Rovalpituzumab Tesirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rovalpituzumab Tesirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of GLIOBLASTOMA, Malignant Melanoma, Other Solid Tumors, Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Medullary Thyroid Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sarizotan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ondansetron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A competitive serotonin type 3 receptor antagonist. It is effective in the treatment of nausea and vomiting caused by cytotoxic chemotherapy drugs, including cisplatin, and has reported anxiolytic and neuroleptic properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, postoperation, and radiation. Also used for the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aminoglutethimide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatase inhibitor that produces a state of "medical" adrenalectomy by blocking the production of adrenal steroids. It also blocks the conversion of androgens to estrogens. Aminoglutethimide has been used in the treatment of advanced breast and prostate cancer. It was formerly used for its weak anticonvulsant properties. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p454)
4. Indication:  For the suppression of adrenal function in selected patients with Cushing's syndrome, malignant neoplasm of the female breast, and carcinoma in situ of the breast.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Urelumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Urelumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Multiple Myeloma, Malignant Tumors, and Cancer - Solid Tumors and B-Cell Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Duligotuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Duligotuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neoplasms, Colorectal Cancer, Head and Neck Cancer, and Epithelial Tumors, Malignant.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ascrinvacumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ascrinvacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Neoplasms, Advanced Solid Tumors, Carcinoma, Hepatocellular, and Malignant Pleural Mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sertindole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sertindole, a neuroleptic, is one of the newer antipsychotic medications available. Serdolect is developed by the Danish pharmaceutical company H. Lundbeck. Like the other atypical antipsychotics, it has activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors in the brain. It is used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It is classified chemically as a phenylindole derivative. It was first marketed in 1996 in several European countries before being withdrawn two years later because of numerous cardiac adverse effects. It has once again been approved and should soon be available on the French and Australian market.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
