DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is a vaccine for intramuscular injection used in the prevention of invasive disease caused by Haemophilus influenzae type b. H. influenzae is a Gram-negative coccobacillus that can cause infections including sepsis and meningitis. The vaccine contains the Haemophilus influenzae type b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate, PRP), a high-molecular-weight polymer prepared from the H. influenzae type b strain 1482 grown in a semi-synthetic medium, covalently bound to tetanus toxoid [1]. The toxoid antigen is purified and toxin-inactivated.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is an active immunization as a booster dose given intramuscularly to pediatric patients who have received a primary series with a Haemophilus b Conjugate Vaccine that is licensed for primarly immunization. The vaccine contains Haemophilus b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate [PRP]), which is a high molecular weight polymer prepared from the Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20,752. These are heat inactivated and purified.
4. Indication:  Indicated for active immunization in pediatric patients 15 months through 4 years of age as a booster dose for the prevention of invasive disease caused by Haemophilus influenzae type b. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Long-term hepatitis B immune globulin (HBIG) has been shown to reduce hepatitis B virus (HBV) reinfection in patients transplanted for hepatitis B. Infection with hepatitis B may lead to hepatocellular carcinoma, a type of liver cancer. Therefore, the hepatitis-B vaccines are cancer-preventing vaccines. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the hepatitis B vaccine was the first anti-cancer vaccine.HBIG is prepared from the plasma of donors who have high antibody levels of the hepatitis B surface antigen. It is extracted from the Cohn fraction II. During the process, viruses are deactivated, and in the final steps, solvents used in the preparation are removed. The preparation is tested for absence of HIV, HCV, herpes virus, and reovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, B), liver transplant surgery, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Active immunization against hepatitis B virus infection.The vaccine will not protect against infection caused by hepatitis A and non-A non-B hepatitis viruses. As hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence of hepatitis B infection or carrier state, it can be expected that hepatitis D will also be prevented by vaccination with hepatitis B virus vaccine.The vaccine can be administered at any age from birth onwards. It may be used to start a primary course of vaccination or as a booster dose. It may also be used to complete a primary course of vaccination started with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines or as a booster dose in subjects who have previously received a primary course of vaccination with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines.In areas of low prevalence of hepatitis B, vaccination is strongly recommended in subjects who are at increased risk of infection. These include the following groups:Health professionals: physicians and surgeons; oral surgeons and dentists; nurses, dental nurses, dental hygienists, podiatrists; IV teams and operating room personnel; paramedical personnel in close contact with patients; staff in hemodialysis, nephrology, hepatology, hematology and oncology units; laboratory personnel handling blood and other clinical specimens; blood bank and plasma fractionation workers; pathologists and morgue attendants; cleaning staff who handle waste in hospitals; emergency and first aid workers; ambulance staff; dental, medical and nursing students.Patients: patients receiving frequent blood transfusion or clotting factor concentrates, such as those in oncology units and those with thalassemia, sickle-cell anemia, cirrhosis, hemophilia, etc.; patients on hemodialysis; patients with type 2 diabetes.Personnel and residents of institutions: persons with frequent and/or close contacts with high-risk groups; prisoners and prison staff; residents and staff of institutions for the developmentally challenged (those who are in contact with aggressive biting residents being at highest risk).Persons at increased risk due to their sexual practices: males having sexual contact with other males; others with multiple sexual partners or with a recent history of sexually transmitted disease.Persons who use injectable drugs illicitly.Travellers to areas of high endemicity and their close contacts.Household contacts of any of the above groups and of patients with acute or chronic hepatitis B infection.Infants born of HBsAg-positive mothers.Chronic Liver Disease (CLD): subjects with chronic liver disease; subjects at risk of developing CLD (e.g. Hepatitis C virus carriers, persons who abuse alcohol).Others: police; fire fighters; armed forces personnel; morticians and embalmers; those who through their work or personal lifestyle may be exposed to the hepatitis B virus.In areas of both low and high prevalence, vaccination should be offered to all young children and neonates at risk, as well as to adult high risk groups.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Influenza a virus a/california/7/2009(h1n1)-like antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is an active immunization against disease caused by influenza virus subtypes A and type B for intramuscular injection. The vaccine is prepared from influenza virus propagated in the allantoic fluid of embryonated chicken eggs where the virus is purified and inactivated by formaldehyde.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Selegiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A selective, irreversible inhibitor of Type B monoamine oxidase. It is used in newly diagnosed patients with Parkinson's disease. It may slow progression of the clinical disease and delay the requirement for levodopa therapy. It also may be given with levodopa upon onset of disability. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p385) The compound without isomeric designation is Deprenyl.
4. Indication:  Monotherapy for initial treatment of Parkinson's disease, as well as an adjunct therapy in patients with a decreased response to levodopa/carbadopa. Also used for the palliative treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease and at higher doses, for the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ezetimibe
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ezetimibe is an anti-hyperlipidemic medication which is used to lower cholesterol levels. Specifically, it appears to bind to a critical mediator of cholesterol absorption, the Niemann-Pick C1-Like 1 (NPC1L1) protein on the gastrointestinal tract epithelial cells as well as in hepatocytes.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated total-C, LDL-C, and Apo B in patients with primary (heterozygous familial and non-familial) hypercholesterolemia.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Haemophilus influenzae type b capsular polysaccharide meningococcal outer membrane protein conjugate antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Haemophilus influenzae type b capsular polysaccharide meningococcal outer membrane protein conjugate antigen is a vaccine containing outer membrane antigen extracted from Haemophilus influenzae.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Choline
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A basic constituent of lecithin that is found in many plants and animal organs. It is important as a precursor of acetylcholine, as a methyl donor in various metabolic processes, and in lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b recombinant lp2086 a05 protein variant antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b recombinant lp2086 a05 protein variant antigen is a sterile vaccine for intramuscular injection indicated for the active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B. It is contained in the suspension of Trumenba, which is a vaccine is composed of two recombinant lipidated factor H binding protein (fHBP) variants from N. meningitidis serogroup B, one from fHBP subfamily A and one from subfamily B (A05 and B01, respectively).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b recombinant lp2086 b01 protein variant antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Neisseria meningitidis serogroup b recombinant lp2086 b01 protein variant antigen is a sterile vaccine for intramuscular injection indicated for the active immunization to prevent invasive disease caused by Neisseria meningitidis serogroup B. It is contained in the suspension of Trumenba, which is a vaccine is composed of two recombinant lipidated factor H binding protein (fHBP) variants from N. meningitidis serogroup B, one from fHBP subfamily A and one from subfamily B (A05 and B01, respectively).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  FavId
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FavId, is an active immunotherapy that is based upon unique genetic information extracted from a patient's tumor.
4. Indication:  B-cell non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Interferon gamma-1b
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Interferon gamma-1b (140 residues), produced from E. coli. Production of Actimmune is achieved by fermentation of a genetically engineered Escherichia coli bacterium containing the DNA which encodes for the human protein. Purification of the product is achieved by conventional column chromatography.The sequence displayed is a cDNA sequence which codes for human interferon gamma, as described by Gray et. al. and not specifically interferon gamma 1b.
4. Indication:  Interferon gamma-1b is used for the treatment of Chronic granulomatous disease and Osteopetrosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Edonerpic
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Edonerpic is a neurotrophic agent intended for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease which is under phase I clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tabalumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tabalumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Autoimmune Disease, Rheumatoid Arthritis, Kidney Failure, Chronic, Connective Tissue Disease, and Systemic Lupus Erythematosus, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type B
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Neurotoxin produced by fermentation of clostridium botulinum type B. The protein exists in noncovalent association with hemagglutinin and nonhemagglutinin proteins as a neurotoxin complex. The neurotoxin complex is recovered from the fermentation process and purified through a series of precipitation and chromatography steps.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with cervical dystonia to reduce the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Progabide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Progabide is an analog and prodrug of gamma-aminobutyric acid. It is commonly used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has agonistic activity for both the GABAA and GABAB receptors. Progabide has been investigated for many diseases besides epilepsy, including Parkinson's disease, schizophrenia, clinical depression and anxiety disorder with varying success.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Streptococcus pneumoniae type 4 capsular polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that contains highly purified capsular polysaccharides from the invasive pneumococcal type 4 of Streptococcus pneumoniae. It is an active immunization for intramuscular or subcutaneous injection against pneumococcal disease such as pneumococcal pneumonia and pneumococcal bacteremia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Biotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A water-soluble, enzyme co-factor present in minute amounts in every living cell. It occurs mainly bound to proteins or polypeptides and is abundant in liver, kidney, pancreas, yeast, and milk. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Rasagiline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rasagiline is an irreversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase and is used as a monotherapy in early Parkinson's disease or as an adjunct therapy in more advanced cases.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinsons disease as initial monotherapy and as adjunct therapy to levodopa.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hybrid Between B and C Type Hemes (Protoporphyrin Ixcontaining Fe)
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
