DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Doxylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ethyl macadamiate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethyl macadamiate is derived from Macadamia terifolia seed oil. It is a non-volatile ester of ethyl alcohol and the fatty acids. Ethyl macadamiate is used in cosmetics and personal care products such as sunscreen, hair care products and skin care products as an emollient and skin conditioning agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Diphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PSN357
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN357 is a glycogen phosphorylase inhibitor (GPI), which is designed to rapidly lower blood glucose levels by preventing glycogen breakdown to glucose in the liver.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dextromethorphan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The d-isomer of the codeine analog of levorphanol. Dextromethorphan shows high affinity binding to several regions of the brain, including the medullary cough center. This compound is an NMDA receptor antagonist (receptors, N-methyl-D-aspartate) and acts as a non-competitive channel blocker. It is one of the widely used antitussives, and is also used to study the involvement of glutamate receptors in neurotoxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of dry cough.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Silicon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Chlorphenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rhinitis, urticaria, allergy, common cold, asthma and hay fever.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Methocarbamol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant whose mode of action has not been established. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1206)
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest, physical therapy, and other measures for the relief of discomforts associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pseudoephedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist that may also enhance release of norepinephrine. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including asthma, heart failure, rhinitis, and urinary incontinence, and for its central nervous system stimulatory effects in the treatment of narcolepsy and depression. It has become less extensively used with the advent of more selective agonists.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  NX-1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Adrafinil
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Adrafinil is a mild central nervous system stimulant drug used to relieve excessive sleepiness and inattention in elderly patients. It is also used off-label by individuals wishing to avoid fatigue, such as night workers or others who need to stay awake and alert for long periods of time. Adrafinil does not currently have FDA approval and is thus unregulated in the United States. It was marketed in France and elsewhere in Europe under the trade name Olmifon until September 2011 when France's FDA equivalent reassessed the drug and withdrew marketing permission. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to relieve excessive sleepiness and inattention in elderly patients.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  MF101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MF101 is a novel estrogen receptor beta (ERβ) selective agonist and unlike currently available hormone therapies, does not activate the estrogen receptor alpha (ERα), known to be implicated in tumor formation. MF101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of hot flashes and night sweats in peri-menopausal and menopausal women.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hormone replacement therapy: menopause and menopause.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Propylene glycol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A clear, colorless, viscous organic solvent and diluent used in pharmaceutical preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the histamine H1 antagonists with little sedative action. It is used in treatment of hay fever, rhinitis, allergic dermatoses, and pruritus. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Pheniramine is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hydroxyamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test. Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.
4. Indication:  Mydriatic agent (eye pupil dilatation) for diagnosis of ophthalmic nerve lesions.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Benzyl Benzoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzyl benzoate is one of the older preparations used to treat scabies. Scabies is a skin infection caused by the mite sarcoptes scabiei. It is characterised by severe itching (particularly at night), red spots, and may lead to a secondary infection. Benzyl benzoate is lethal to this mite and so is useful in the treatment of scabies. It is also used to treat lice infestation of the head and body. Benzyl benzoate is not the treatment of choice for scabies due to its irritant properties.
4. Indication:  Used to kill lice and the mites responsible for the skin condition scabies.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Guaifenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Mineral oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mineral oil, or paraffin oil, is a mixture of higher alkanes from a mineral source, such as petroleum. Petroleum mineral oil is manufactured from crude oils by vacuum distillation to produce several distillates and a residual oil that are then further refined. During the modern refining process, aromatics are reduced by solvent extraction, catalytic hydrotreating, or hydrocracking. Unrefined or mildly treated mineral oils are classified as Group 3 carcinogens by the World Health Organizations, as chronic exposure to these aromatics including alkylated polycyclic aromatic compounds (PAC) can lead to skin cancer. Mineral oil is a common ingredient in baby lotions, cold creams, ointments and cosmetics to treat and prevent dry, rough, scaly, itchy skin and minor skin irritations. It is also used as a mild laxative for human or veterinary uses.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Polyethylene glycol 400
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polyethylene glycols (PEGs) are products made of condensed ethylene oxide and water that can contain various derivatives and have various functions. Because many PEG types are hydrophilic, they are favorably used as enhancers of penetration, and used heavily in topical dermatological preparations. PEGs, along with their many nonionic derivatives, are widely utilized in cosmetic products as surfactants, emulsifiers, cleansing agents, humectants, and skin conditioners [9].Polyethylene glycol 400 (PEG 400) is a low-molecular-weight grade of polyethylene glycol with a low-level toxicity. It is very hydrophilic, which renders it a useful ingredient in drug formulations to augment the solubility and bioavailability of weakly water-soluble drugs. It is used in ophthalmic solutions for the relief of burning, irritation and/or discomfort that follows dryness of the eye [7]. PEG "400" indicates that the average molecular weight of the specific PEG is 400 [10].PEGylation occurs when PEGs are attached to numerous protein medications, allowing for greater solubility for selected drugs. Examples of PEGylated medications are PEG-interferon alpha (Pegintron) and PEG-filgrastim. In addition, PEG is available as a bowel preparation for colonoscopy procedures and as a laxative [10].
4. Indication:  PEG-400 has been indicated for the temporary relief of burning and irritation due to dryness of the eye, andfor protection against further irritation and desiccation [14], [15], [16].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat short-term sleeping problems (insomnia), such as difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, and early-morning awakening.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Hydroquinone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroquinone is a topical lightening product found in OTC products, and is used to correct skin discoloration associated with disorders of hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmention, sunspots, and freckles. It can be used alone, but is more frequently found in combination with other agents such as alpha-hydroxy acids, corticosteroids, retinoids, or sunscreen. Hydroquinone has come under scrutiny due to several complications associated with its use, including dermal irritation, exogenous onchronosis, and carginogenicity. As a result of these concerns, hydroquinone has been banned in the EU and UK.
4. Indication:  Hydroquinone is used as an OTC topical lightening agent for disorders of hyperpigmentation including melasma, post-inflammatory hyperpigmention, sunspots and freckles. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
