DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Retosiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Retosiban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Premature Labor and Obstetric Labour, Premature.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ritodrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Adrenergic beta-agonist used to control premature labor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of premature labour
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Isoxsuprine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle. Its vasodilating actions are greater on the arteries supplying skeletal muscle than on those supplying skin. It is used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and in premature labor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Atosiban
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Atosiban is an inhibitor of the hormones oxytocin and vasopressin. It is used as an intravenous medication as a labour repressant (tocolytic) to halt premature labor. Although initial studies suggested it could be used as a nasal spray and hence would not require hospital admission, it is not used in that form. It was developed by Ferring Pharmaceuticals in Sweden and first reported in the literature in 1985. Originally marketed by Ferring Pharmaceuticals, it is licensed in proprietary and generic forms for the delay of imminent pre-term birth in pregnant adult women.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dapoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Etidocaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Etidocaine, marketed under the trade name Duranest, is a local anesthetic given by injection during surgical procedures and labor and delivery. Etidocaine has a long duration of activity, but has the main disadvantage of increased bleeding during oral surgery.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Bedoradrine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and labor and delivery.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Methoxyflurane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An inhalation anesthetic. Currently, methoxyflurane is rarely used for surgical, obstetric, or dental anesthesia. If so employed, it should be administered with nitrous oxide to achieve a relatively light level of anesthesia, and a neuromuscular blocking agent given concurrently to obtain the desired degree of muscular relaxation. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p180)
4. Indication:  For use in the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ataluren
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ataluren is a novel, orally administered drug that targets nonsense mutations. Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.This drug does not yet have approval by the US Food and Drug Administration or by Health Canada for any indications.
4. Indication:  Ataluren is approved for use by the European Medicines Agency to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy in patients aged 5 years and older who are able to walk. More specifically, ataluren is used in the small group of patients whose disease is caused by a specific genetic defect (called a ‘nonsense mutation’) in the dystrophin gene.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Epelsiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epelsiban has been investigated for the treatment of Premature Ejaculation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cefmenoxime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefmenoxime is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to treat female gynecologic and obstetric infections caused by susceptible aerobic (including the gonococcus) and anaerobic bacteria.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ropivacaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ropivacaine is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. The name ropivacaine refers to both the racemate and the marketed S-enantiomer. Ropivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the trade name Naropin.
4. Indication:  Used in obstetric anesthesia and regional anesthesia for surgery.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Diethylstilbestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen used in the treatment of menopausal and postmenopausal disorders. It was also used formerly as a growth promoter in animals. According to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985), diethylstilbestrol has been listed as a known carcinogen. (Merck, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Previously used in the prevention of miscarriage or premature delivery in pregnant women prone to miscarriage or premature delivery.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Allylestrenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with progestational activity. It is widely marketed throughout Europe, including Russia and many other European countries, and is also available in Japan, Hong Kong, India, Bangladesh, Indonesia, and much of Southeast Asia, though notably not in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Allylestrenol was designed to be used for miscarriage prevention, prevention of premature labour and has been investigated for possible use in men for treatment for benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
