DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Heroin
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic that may be habit-forming. It is a controlled substance (opium derivative) listed in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21 Parts 329.1, 1308.11 (1987). Sale is forbidden in the United States by Federal statute. (Merck Index, 11th ed) Internationally, heroin is controlled under Schedules I and IV of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs. It is illegal to manufacture, possess, or sell heroin in the United States and the UK. However, under the name diamorphine, heroin is a legal prescription drug in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of acute pain, myocardial infarction, acute pulmonary oedema, and chronic pain.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Buprenorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Buprenorphine is a derivative of the opioid alkaloid thebaine that is a more potent (25 - 40 times) and longer lasting analgesic than morphine. It appears to act as a partial agonist at mu and kappa opioid receptors and as an antagonist at delta receptors. The lack of delta-agonist activity has been suggested to account for the observation that buprenorphine tolerance may not develop with chronic use.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe pain, peri-operative analgesia, and opioid dependence.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  JB991
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mephedrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mephedrone has been investigated in Alcohol-Related Disorders and Amphetamine-Related Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Asimadoline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asimadoline is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. Asimadoline was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. Asimadoline is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Lofexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lofexidine is an alpha2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It can be used as a short acting anti-hypertensive, but is mostly used to help relieve symptoms of heroin or opiate withdrawal in opiate dependency. It is approved in the United Kingdom, but is still undergoing clinical trials in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions and substance abuse.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  MK-0354
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-0354, is an orally administered drug candidate under development by Merck for the treatment of atherosclerosis and related disorders. It targets G protein-coupled receptor, or GPCR, that have the potential to regulate plasma lipid profiles, including HDL, or the good cholesterol, similar to the therapeutic action of niacin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Duloxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Duloxetine (brand names Cymbalta, Yentreve, and in parts of Europe, Xeristar or Ariclaim) is a drug which primarily targets major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy and in some countries stress urinary incontinence (SUI). It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.Duloxetine has not yet been FDA approved for stress urinary incontinence or for fibromyalgia.Duloxetine is a selective SNRI (selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor). Duloxetine is a systemic drug therapy which affects the body as a whole. Known also under the code name LY248686, it is a potent dual reuptake inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE), possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE- and 5-HT transporter sites. It is a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  R-30490
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  R-30490 is an opioid analgesic related to the highly potent animal tranquilizer carfentanil, and with only slightly lower potency. It was first synthesised by a team of chemists at Janssen Pharmaceutica led by Paul Janssen, who were investigating the structure-activity relationships of the fentanyl family of drugs. R-30490 was found to be the most selective agonist for the mu opioid receptor out of all the fentanyl analogues tested, but it has never been introduced for medical use in humans, although the closely related drug sufentanil is widely used for analgesia and anesthesia during major surgery.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Nalmefene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nalmefene is a 6-methylene analogue of naltrexone and opioid system modulator but with no opioid activity [FDA Label]. It mediates a partial agonist effect on kappa receptors [2]. It is primarily used in the management of alcohol dependence in adult patients in conjunction with continuous psychosocial support focused on treatment adherence and reducing alcohol consumption [4] when it is exists as the hydrochloride dihydrate form under the trade name Selincro. Selincro is orally administered as tablets. Nalmefene works to reduce alcohol consumption in individuals by positive reward effect of alcohol which involves the opioid system, as well as the sedative and dysphoric properties of alcohol [2]. It is also indicated to prevent or reverse the effects of opioids, including respiratory depression, sedation, and hypotension by acting on the opioid receptor as an antagonist [FDA Label] under the trade name Revex for intramuscular, intravenous and subcutaneous injection, where nalmefene hydrochloride is an active ingredient.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the reduction of alcohol consumption in adult patients with alcohol dependence who have a high drinking risk level (DRL), without physical withdrawal symptoms and who do not require immediate detoxification [4].Indicated for the complete or partial reversal of opioid drug effects, including respiratory depression - induced by either natural or synthetic opioids - or in the management of known or suspected opioid overdose [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cholecystokinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholecystokinin ( also known as CCK or CCK-PZ) is a peptide hormone of the gastrointestinal system which is responsible for stimulating the digestion of fat and protein. Cholecystokinin, previously called pancreozymin, is synthesized and secreted by enteroendocrine cells in the duodenum (the first portion of the small intestine) and leads to the release of bile and digestive enzymes. CCK also acts as an appetite suppressant and has been studied for weight management regimens [12]. Normally, it is an endogenous hormone but is available commercially for diagnostic processes and replacement in pancreatic insufficiency [21, 22, 23]. in the octapeptide form.Cholecystokinin is one of the first gastrointestinal hormones discovered, identified more than 90 years ago due to its ability to stimulate gallbladder contraction in 1928. Soon after, it was recognized to be identical to the factor responsible for stimulating pancreatic exocrine secretion in 1943 [11]. This hormone has also been shown to have positive effects on enteric smooth muscle contraction and on nerve activity at multiple locations in the peripheral and central nervous system. In addition to its roles in promoting smooth muscle cell contraction/exocrine cell secretion, CCK promotes cell growth, energy production, gene expression and protein synthesis, processes that have profound for drug development [11]. This drug has also been investigated for possible antipsychotic properties, owing to its effect on CCK receptors in the brain [13].Recent studies have suggested that cholecystokinin also plays a major role in inducing drug tolerance to opioids such as morphine and heroin, and is partially implicated in experiences of pain hypersensitivity during opioid withdrawal [1].
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gallbladder disorders. It is also used in conjunction with secretin in pancreatic insufficiency [9].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dextromoramide
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic structurally related to methadone and used in the treatment of severe pain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1070)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Difenoxin
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Difenoxin is a 4-phenylpiperidine which is closely related to the opioid analgesic meperidine. Difenoxin alone is a USA Schedule I controlled drug, as it may be habit forming. However, it is listed as a Schedule IV controlled drug if combined with atropine, which is added to decrease deliberate misuse. Motofen(R) is a brand mixture which combines atropine sulfate and difenoxin hydrochloride. It is approved by the FDA to treat acute and chronic diarrhea. Difenoxin is an active metabolite of the anti-diarrheal drug, diphenoxylate, which is also used in combination with atropine in the brand mixture Lomotil(R). It works mostly in the periphery and activates opioid receptors in the intestine rather than the central nervous system (CNS). [3] Difenoxin is also closely related to loperamide, but unlike loperamide it is still capable of crossing the blood brain barrier to produce weak sedative and analgesic effects. However, the antidiarrheal potency of difenoxin is much greater than its CNS effects, which makes it an attractive alternative to other opioids. 
4. Indication:  Motofen(R) is a combination of atropine, an anticholinergic drug, and difenoxin, an antidiarrheal drug. It has been used in many countries for many years as a second line opioid-agonist antidiarrheal, which exists an intermediate between loperamide and paragoric. [2]Diarrhea which is a result of cyclic or diarrhea predominant Inflammatory Bowel Syndrome may not be treated effectively with difenoxin, diphenoxylate, or loperamide. As such, diarrhea and cramping which does not respond to non-centrally acting derivatives or belladonna derivatives such as atropine are often treated with conservative doses of codeine. In patients with acute ulcerative colitis, as induction of toxic megacolon is possible, and thus use of Motofen(R) is cautioned. Motofen(R) has been assigned pregnancy category C by the FDA, and is to be used only when the potential benefits outweigh the potential risk to the fetus. The safety of use during lactation is unknown and thus not recommended. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Piperine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bioperine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Multiple Myeloma and Deglutition Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Pexacerfont
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexacerfont has been investigated for the treatment of Alcoholism, Anxiety Disorder, Alcohol Dependence, and Alcohol-Related Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Gefarnate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gefarnate has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Stomach Ulcer, Duodenal Ulcer, and Cardio-cerebrovascular Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Almasilate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Almasilate is a buffering antacid that has been used in peptic ulcers and dyspepsia. It is a crystalline polyhydrate of aluminium/magnesium silicate and mediates its buffering activity by binding hydrogen ions within the polymer. However its therapeutic efficacy is not comparable to other approved antacids, as it is no more effective in neutralizing acid and binding bile salts than other conventional antacids [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Betaprodine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic chemically related to and with an action resembling that of meperidine, but more rapid in onset and of shorter duration. It has been used in obstetrics, as pre-operative medication, for minor surgical procedures, and for dental procedures. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1067)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  MYO-029
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MYO-029 is a human anti-GDF-8 monoclonal antibody, which is being developed to treat muscle-wasting diseases including muscular dystrophy and age-related sarcopenia. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in muscular dystrophy.
