DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cetylpyridinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetylpyridinium is a quaternary ammonium with a broad-spectrum antiseptic properties. Its salt form, cetylpyridinium chloride, is found as an active ingredient in mouthwashes, toothpastes, lozenges, throat sprays, breath sprays, and nasal sprays. In dental hygiene products, it mediates a protective action against dental plaque and reducing gingivitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  SPP 301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPP301 (Avosentan) is a potent and highly selective ET[A] receptor blocker and is clinically investigated in diabetic nephropathy. This study was designed to evaluate whether avosentan influences the pharmacokinetics of steroid oral contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  REN-850
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  REN-850 is an oral drug for multiple sclerosis which is in Phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ADL5859
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL5859 is a novel, oral compound that targets the Delta opioid receptor. Delta receptor agonists are thought to offer benefits over other approaches to the management of pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  CX157
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CX157,3-fluoro-7-(2,2,2,-trifluoroethoxy)phenoxathiin-10,10-dioxide, is a reversible, selective inhibitor of MAO-A designed to have improved oral bioavailability and reduced clearance compared to previous MAO-A inhibitors of this class.
4. Indication:  Anxiety Disorders I,Depression I
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  LLL-3348
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The botanical drug product LLL-3348 is a once-daily oral formulation for treatment of chronic stable plaque type psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Monalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monalizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gynecologic Cancer, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Oral Cavity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  SD118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SD118 was previously under investigation in Japan for a different indication and now, following re-profiling and evaluation in experimental animal models, has demonstrated its potential as a new oral therapy for neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Central Nervous System - Neuropathic pain 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  EHC18
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EHC18 is an immune regulation medicine. It is a broad spectrum of specific HCV proteins.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and hepatocellular carcinoma.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  AGI-1096
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AGI-1096 is a novel oral antioxidant and selective anti-inflammatory agent that is being developed to address the accelerated inflammation of grafted blood vessels, known as transplant arteritis, common in chronic organ transplant rejection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Patiromer
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Patiromer is a powder for suspension in water for oral administration, approved in the U.S. as Veltassa in October, 2015. Patiromer is supplied as patiromer sorbitex calcium which consists of the active moiety, patiromer, a non-absorbed potassium-binding polymer, and a calcium-sorbitol counterion. Each gram of patiromer is equivalent to a nominal amount of 2 grams of patiromer sorbitex calcium. The chemical name for patiromer sorbitex calcium is cross-linked polymer of calcium 2-fluoroprop-2-enoate with diethenylbenzene and octa-1,7-diene, combination with D-glucitol. Patiromer sorbitex calcium is an amorphous, free-flowing powder that is composed of individual spherical beads.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperkalemia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Magnesium aspartate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Magnesium aspartate is a magnesium salt of aspartic acid that is commonly used as a mineral supplement. It displays high oral bioavailability and water solubiltiy compared to other magnesium salts such as magnesium citrate, magnesium carbonate and magnesium oxide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Meclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meclocycline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00385515 (Efficacy of SNX-1012 in the Treatment of Oral Mucositis) [3].
4. Indication:  Currently under investigation for the topical treatment of ulcerative oral mucositis [3]
