DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AFN-1252
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AFN-1252 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cellulitis, Burn Infection, Wound Infection, Cutaneous Abscess, and Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Bacterial Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Luliconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Luliconazole is a topical antifungal agent that acts by unknown mechanisms but is postulated to involve altering the synthesis of fungi cell membranes. It was approved by the FDA (USA) in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Luzu. Luliconazole is also approved in Japan.
4. Indication:  Luliconazole is indicated in adults aged 18 years and older for the topical treatment of fungal infections caused by Trichophyton rubrum and Epidermophyton floccosum, specifically tinea pedis, cruris, and corporis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Flutemetamol (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flutemetamol (18F) is a PET scanning radiopharmaceutical containing the radionuclide fluorine-18. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline.
4. Indication:  Flutemetamol F18 is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Neratinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Neratinib was approved in July 2017 for use as an extended adjuvant therapy in Human Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor 2 (HER2) positive breast cancer. Approval was granted to Puma Biotechnology Inc. for the tradename Nerlynx. Neratinib is currently under investigation for use in many other forms of cancer.
4. Indication:  For use as an extended adjuvant treatment in adult patients with early stage HER2-overexpressed/amplified breast cancer, to follow adjuvant trastuzumab-based therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
