DrugId:  1
1. Name:  N-(3-carboxypropanoyl)-L-norvaline
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  N-(3-carboxypropanoyl)-L-norvaline is a solid. This compound belongs to the n-acyl-alpha amino acids. These are compounds containing an alpha amino acid which bears an acyl group at his terminal nitrogen atom. This medication is known to target n-acetylornithine carbamoyltransferase and putative ornithine carbamoyltransferase.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iron isomaltoside 1000
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iron isomaltoside 1000 is under investigation in Iron Deficiency Anaemia. Iron isomaltoside 1000 has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Anemia, Gastric Cancer, Esophageal Cancer, Chronic Kidney Disease, and Anemia, Iron-Deficiency, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  N,N-dimethylarginine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is a naturally occurring chemical found in blood plasma. It is a metabolic by-product of continual protein modification processes in the cytoplasm of all human cells. It is closely related to L-arginine, a conditionally-essential amino acid. ADMA interferes with L-arginine in the production of nitric oxide, a key chemical to endothelial and hence cardiovascular health. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Imiglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Velaglucerase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Velaglucerase alfa is a gene-activated human recombinant glucocerebrosidase used for the treatment of Type 1 Gaucher disease, caused by a deficiency of the lysosomal enzyme glucocerebrosidase. Additionally, Velaglucerase alfa has also been investigated for use in Type 3 Gaucher disease. 
4. Indication:  Velaglucerase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal glucocerebroside-specific enzyme indicated for long-term enzyme replacement therapy for pediatric and adult patients with type 1 Gaucher disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Agalsidase beta
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human alpha-galactosidase A. The mature protein is composed of 2 subunits of 398 residues. Protein is glycosylated and produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For treatment of Fabry's disease (alpha-galactosidase A deficiency)
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Alglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Alglucosidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aglucosidase alfa consists of the human enzyme acid alpha-glucosidase (GAA) which is essential for the degradation of glygogen to glucose in lysosomes. It is encoded by the most predominant of nine observed haplotypes of this gene. Aglucosidase alfa is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Alglucosidase alfa degrades glycogen by catalyzing the hydrolysis of a-1,4- and a-1,6- glycosidic linkages of lysosomal glycogen. Structurally, Alglucosidase alfa is a glycoprotein with a calculated mass of 98,008 daltons for the 883 residue mature polypeptide chain, and a total mass of approximately 109,000 daltons, including carbohydrates. It is used for the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pompe disease (GAA deficiency) in infants and pediatric patients.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Triheptanoin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Triheptanoin is under investigation for the treatment of Glycogen Storage Disease Type V and Alternating Hemiplegia of Childhood. Triheptanoin has been investigated for the treatment of Adult Polyglucosan Body Disease, Glycogen Storage Disease Type IV, and Glycogen Brancher Enzyme Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AT2220
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AT2220 is an experimental, oral therapy for the treatment of Pompe disease and belongs to a class of molecules known as pharmacological chaperones. It is a small molecule designed to act as a pharmacological chaperone that specifically binds, stabilizes, and facilitates the proper folding and trafficking of α-glucosidase (GAA). GAA to the lysosome, where it can perform its normal function. AT2220 has been shown to increase GAA activity in cell lines derived from Pompe patients and in transfected cells expressing misfolded forms of GAA.
4. Indication:  Pompe disease, also known as glycogen storage disease type II or acid maltase deficiency, is a relatively rare neuromuscular and lysosomal storage disorder caused by inherited genetic mutations in a key enzyme called α-glucosidase (Gaa).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pegademase bovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bovine adenosine deaminase derived from bovine intestine that has been extensively pegylated for extended serum half life.
4. Indication:  For treatment of adenosine deaminase deficiency
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Thyroglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Thyroglobulin (also known as Tg) is an enzyme thyroid hormone used by the thyroid gland to produce the thyroid hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). The active form of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, is produced both within the thyroid gland and periphery by 5'-deiodinase. Patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis or Graves' disease, frequently develop antibodies against thyroglobulin. Thyroglobulin is used to treat hypothyroidism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypothyroidism (deficiency in the production of thyroid hormone).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  scyllo-inositol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An isomer of glucose that has traditionally been considered to be a B vitamin although it has an uncertain status as a vitamin and a deficiency syndrome has not been identified in man. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1379) Inositol phospholipids are important in signal transduction. Scyllitol has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Coagulation Factor IX Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Factor IX (or Christmas factor) is one of the serine proteases of the coagulation system; it belongs to peptidase family S1. Deficiency of this protein causes hemophilia B.
4. Indication:  Factor IX is used to treat Christmas disease. Factor IX deficiency is treated by injection factor IX produced from human plasma. Tranexamic acid may be of value in patients undergoing surgery who have inherited factor IX deficiency in order to reduce the perioperative risk of bleeding.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Albusomatropin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Albusomatropin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Hormone-Deficiency and Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Putrescine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Putrescine is a toxic diamine formed by putrefaction from the decarboxylation of arginine and ornithine. Putrescine is a solid. This compound belongs to the polyamines. These are compounds containing more than one amine group. Known drug targets of putrescine include putrescine-binding periplasmic protein, ornithine decarboxylase, and S-adenosylmethionine decarboxylase proenzyme. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iron Dextran
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Iron dextran is a dark brown, slightly viscous liquid complex of ferric hydroxide and dextran for intravenous or intramuscular use. Iron Dextran is used for the treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in which oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with documented iron deficiency in whom oral administration is unsatisfactory or impossible. Also used to replenish body iron stores in Non-Dialysis Dependent-Chronic Kidney Disease (NDD-CKD) patients receiving or not receiving erythropoietin and in Hemodialysis Dependent (HDD-CKD) and Peritoneal Dialysis Dependent (PDD-CKD) - Chronic Kidney Disease patients receiving an erythropoietin.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ferumoxytol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ferumoxytol is an iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). As a non-stoichiometric magnetite (superparamagnetic iron oxide), it isolates the bioactive iron from plasma components to enter the intracellular storage iron pool and later be incorporated into hemglobin. It is available as an intravenous injection under the market name Feraheme.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anemia, kidney disease, and cardiovascular disorders.
