DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TD-8954
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-8954 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Enteral Feeding Intolerance and Gastrointestinal Motility Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gaxilose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gaxilose has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Lactose Intolerance.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sarilumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sarilumab is a fully human anti-IL-6R monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to both membrane bound and soluble interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor forms, thus blocking the cis- and trans-inflammatory signalling cascades of IL-6 [1]. Sarilumab was developped by Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc; it was US FDA-approved in May 2017 and followed by EU approval in June 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) in combination with methotrexate [4]. RA is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by polyarthritis and its treatment has been challenged by the different response in every patient [3]. Subcutaneous administration of Sarilumab has been shown to decrease acute-phase reactant levels and improve in clinical RA symptoms [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for modere to severe reactive RA in adult patients who are irresponsive, respond inadequately or present intolerance to disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) or tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists. It is indicated to be used in combination with methotrexate (MTX) or as a monotherapy when there is intolerance to MTX or MTX administration is inappropriate.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Bupranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to "propranolol":http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00571.
4. Indication:  Used to manage hypertension and tachycardia. Also used to treat glaucoma.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dasatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dasatinib is an oral dual BCR/ABL and Src family tyrosine kinase inhibitor approved for use in patients with chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). The main targets of Dasatinib, are BCRABL, SRC, Ephrins and GFR.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy. Also indicated for the treatment of adults with Philadelphia chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Golimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Golimumab is a human IgG1қ monoclonal antibody derived from immunizing genetically engineered mice with human TNFα. Golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNFα. Increased TNFα is associated with chronic inflammation. Thus golimumab is indicated for use in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications. In the U.S. and Canada, golimumab is marketed under the brand name Simponi®. The FDA label includes a black box warning of serious infections and malignancy. Additionally in children and adolescents taking golimumab, there have been lymphoma and other malignancies observed.
4. Indication:  Used in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Midodrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ethanolamine derivative that is an adrenergic alpha agonist. It is used as a vasoconstrictor agent in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic orthostatic hypotension (OH).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Radotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.
4. Indication:  Radotinib is indicated for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance of other Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitors, such as patients resistant or intolerant to imatinib.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ethchlorvynol
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ethchlorvynol is a sedative and hypnotic drug. It has been used to treat insomnia, but has been largely superseded and is only offered where an intolerance or allergy to other drugs exists. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for short-term hypnotic therapy in the management of insomnia for periods of up to one week in duration; however, this medication generally has been replaced by other sedative-hypnotic agents.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Quetiapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic effect on the histamine H1 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tesamorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tesamorelin is a stabilized synthetic peptide analogue of the hypothalamic peptide, Growth Hormone Releasing Hormone (GHRH) indicated for the reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. Lipodystrophy is a metabolic condition characterized by insulin resistance, fat redistribution, and hyperlipidemia associated with antiretroviral therapy for HIV infection.
4. Indication:  Tesamorelin acetate is a synthetic analogue of human hypothalamic Growth Hormone Releasing Factor (hGRF) indicated to induce and maintain a reduction of excess abdominal fat in HIV-infected patients with lipodystrophy. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Tranexamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with hemophilia for short term use (two to eight days) to reduce or prevent hemorrhage and reduce the need for replacement therapy during and following tooth extraction. It can also be used for excessive bleeding in menstruation, surgery, or trauma cases.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Propranolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A widely used non-cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist. Propranolol is used in the treatment or prevention of many disorders including acute myocardial infarction, arrhythmias, angina pectoris, hypertension, hypertensive emergencies, hyperthyroidism, migraine, pheochromocytoma, menopause, and anxiety. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of migraine.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Betaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ziprasidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziprasidone (marketed as Geodon, Zeldox) was the fifth atypical antipsychotic to gain FDA approval (February 2001). Ziprasidone is Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and the intramuscular injection form of ziprasidone is approved for acute agitation in schizophrenic patients. Ziprasidone has also received approval for acute treatment of mania associated with bipolar disorder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Iloperidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. made initial inquiries into the drug; however, in May 1996, they discontinued research, and in June 1997 gave research rights to Titan Pharmaceuticals. Titan then handed over worldwide development, manufacturing and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals announced that the Phase III development rights have been acquired by Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bosutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bosutinib is a Bcr-Abl kinase inhibitor for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). Compared to other tyrosine kinase inhibitors, it has a more favourable hematologic toxicity profile. FDA approved on September 4, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic, accelerated, or blast phase Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy in adult patients. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Empagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Empagliflozin is a sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT-2) inhibitor indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes. SGLT2 co-transporters are responsible for reabsorption of glucose from the glomerular filtrate in the kidney. The glucuretic effect resulting from SGLT2 inhibition reduces renal absorption and lowers the renal threshold for glucose, therefore resulting in increased glucose excretion. Additionally, it contributes to reduced hyperglycaemia and also assists weight loss and blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  Empagliflozin is indicated as an adjunct to diet and exercise to improve glycemic control in adult patients with type 2 diabetes.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Miglitol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglitol is an oral anti-diabetic drug that acts by inhibiting the ability of the patient to breakdown complex carbohydrates into glucose. It is primarily used in diabetes mellitus type 2 for establishing greater glycemic control by preventing the digestion of carbohydrates (such as disaccharides, oligosaccharides, and polysaccharides) into monosaccharides which can be absorbed by the body.Miglitol inhibits glycoside hydrolase enzymes called alpha-glucosidases. Since miglitol works by preventing digestion of carbohydrates, it lowers the degree of postprandial hyperglycemia. It must be taken at the start of main meals to have maximal effect. Its effect will depend on the amount of non-monosaccharide carbohydrates in a person's diet.In contrast to acarbose (another alpha-glucosidase inhibitor), miglitol is systemically absorbed; however, it is not metabolized and is excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet to improve glycemic control in patients with non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM) whose hyperglycemia cannot be managed with diet alone.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Silodosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silodosin is an α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that is selective for the prostate. Silodosin is for symptomatic treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. FDA approved Oct 9, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment for symptomatic relief of benign prostatic hyperplasia 
