DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Besilesomab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Besilesomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive isotope technetium-99m for determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. Utilised only as a diagnostic agent, besilesomab is currently approved by the EMEA for marketing and use in various European countries like Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom [3].
4. Indication:  Besilesomab is radiolabelled with sodium pertechnetate (Tc99m) solution to develop technetium (Tc99m) besilesomab solution. This solution is indicated in adults for scintigraphic imaging - in conjunction with other appropriate imaging modalities, when possible - in determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. When utilized as such, this medicinal product is for diagnostic use only [FDA Label].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Tobramycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the pseudomonas species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, nebramycin, produced by the same species. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infections. Also being investigated for use in the treatment of sinus infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ertapenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ertapenem is a carbapenem antibiotic marketed by Merck as Invanz®. It is structurally very similar to meropenem in that it possess a 1-beta-methyl group. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment the following moderate to severe infections caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: (1) complicated intra-abdominal infections due to Escherichia coli, Clostridium clostridioforme, Eubacterium lentum, Peptostreptococcus species, Bacteroides fragilis, Bacteroides distasonis, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, or Bacteroides uniformis, (2) complicated skin and skin structure infections, including diabetic foot infections without osteomyelitis due to Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus pyogenes, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis, Peptostreptococcus species, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, or Prevotella bivia, (3) community acquired pneumonia due to Streptococcus pneumoniae (penicillin susceptible isolates only) including cases with concurrent bacteremia, Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase negative isolates only), or Moraxella catarrhalis, (4) complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis due to Escherichia coli, including cases with concurrent bacteremia, or Klebsiella pneumoniae, (5) acute pelvic infections including postpartum endomyometritis, septic abortion and post surgical gynecologic infections due to Streptococcus agalactiae, Escherichia coli, Bacteroides fragilis, Porphyromonas asaccharolytica, Peptostreptococcus species, or Prevotella bivia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m oxidronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m oxidronate, also known as 99mTc-methylene diphosphonate, is a radiopharmaceutical. A radiopharmaceutical is defined as a medicinal formulation containing radioisotopes that are used in major clinical areas for diagnosis and/or therapy.[2] The radiopharmaceuticals based on technetium-99m are widely used for diagnostic purposes because 99mTc has a versatile chemistry which allows it to produce an extense variety of complexes with specific characteristics.[3] These complexes are formed by the binding of 99mTc to metal atoms of an organic molecule. The group oxidronate falls into the category of diphosphonates whose structure allows them to bind to calcium.[4] Thus, technetium Tc-99m oxidronate is a powerful detection tool for abnormal osteogenesis by skeletal scintigraphy.[5] It was developed by Mallinkrodt nuclear and FDA approved on February 18, 1981.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc-99m oxidronate is indicated in adult and pediatric patients to be used in skeletal imaging for diagnosis of areas that can present altered osteogenesis. When administered intravenously, it is able to generate a clear image of the bones which allows the physician to diagnose any bone problem.[6] It is important to point out that this drug has to be manipulated only under the service of a nuclear specialist.[5] The approved indications for a bone scan are 1) visualization of tumor metastasis in bone, 2) osteomyelitis, 3) fracture, 4) stress fracture, 5) avascular necrosis, 6) osteoporosis and 7) prosthetic joint evaluation. From all the major indications, the detection of a metastatic disease is the most common because it presents a 95% of sensitivity and lesion detection can be done 6 months earlier than with X-ray studies.[4]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Clindamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clindamycin is a semisynthetic lincosamide antibiotic that has largely replaced lincomycin due to an improved side effect profile. Clindamycin inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 50S ribosomal subunits. It may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible anaerobic bacteria, including Bacteroides spp., Peptostreptococcus, anaerobic streptococci, Clostridium spp., and microaerophilic streptococci. May be useful in polymicrobic infections such as intra-abdominal or pelvic infections, osteomyelitis, diabetic foot ulcers, aspiration pneumonia and dental infections. May also be used to treat MSSA and respiratory infections caused by S. pneumoniae and S. pyogenes in patients who are intolerant to other indicated antibiotics or who are infected with resistant organism. May be used vaginally to treat vaginosis caused by Gardnerella vaginosa. Clindamycin reduces the toxin producing effects of S. aureus and S. pyogenes and as such, may be particularly useful for treating necrotizing fasciitis. May be used topically to treat acne.
