DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Incadronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Incadronic acid is a third generation bisphosphonate which can suppress bone resorption by osteoclasts. It is used to treat hypercalcemia, and bone disorders associated with malignancy and osteoporosis. In rats with induced hypercalcemia, incadronate has been found to be 46 times more potent than pamidronate and 11 times more potent than aledronate.Incadronate has also been found to have anti-tumor effects in mice. In rat models of breast cancer, bisphosphonate treatment has been shown to inhibit the progression and development of bone metastases and reduce tumor burden in vivo. It has also been recognized as a potential treatment for adult T-cell leukaemia which is characterized by hypercalcemia and tumor-induced osteolysis. [2] Incadronate, as well as other nitrogen containing bisphosphonates, such as aledronate and minodronate, have been found to induce apoptosis of hematopoietic tumor cells. In vitro human myeloma cells have undergone apoptosis when exposed to incadronate. [5] When combined with Tipifarnib, a potent farnesyl transferase inhibitor which can suppress the growth of myeloma cells, growth suppression of myeloma cells in vitro is intensified. [6] Because of these findings Incadronate is being investigated as a treatment for multiple myeloma, a B-cell malignancy associated with bone loss. Incadronate is available by prescription only, and is not marked is the United States, UK, Canada, or Australia. It is an approved treatment for malignancy-associated hypercalcemia (MAH) in Japan.[8]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia associated with malignant disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
