DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Xylitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. Xylitol-rich plant materials include birch and beechwood [1]. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. The effects of xylitol on dental caries have been widely studied, and xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth. Xylitol is a non-fermentable sugar alcohol by most plaque bacteria, indicating that it cannot be fermented into cariogenic acid end-products [4]. It works by inhibiting the growth of the microorganisms present in plaque and saliva after it accummulates intracellularly into the microorganism [4]. The recommended dose of xylitol for dental caries prevention is 6–10 g/day, and most adults can tolerate 40 g/day without adverse events [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a sugar substitute, and oral hygiene active ingredient. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ceftibuten
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ceftibuten is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is an orally-administered agent. Cefalexin is used to treat acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis (ABECB), acute bacterial otitis media, pharyngitis, and tonsilitis.
4. Indication:  Used to treat acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis (ABECB), acute bacterial otitis media, pharyngitis, and tonsilitis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  faropenem medoxomil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Faropenem medoxomil is an ester prodrug derivative of the beta-lactam antibiotic faropenem. The prodrug form of faropenem offers dramatically improved oral bioavailability and leads to higher systemic concentrations of the drug. Faropenem medoxomil is a broad-spectrum antibiotic that is highly resistant to beta-lactamase degradation. It is being developed jointly by Replidyne, Inc. and Forest Laboratories, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, bronchitis, otitis media, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulfisoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cefprozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic. It can be used to treat bronchitis, ear infections, skin infections, and other bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cefpodoxime
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Cefpodoxime is an oral third generation cephalosporin antibiotic. It is active against most Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria. It is commonly used to treat acute otitis media, pharyngitis, and sinusitis. Cefpodoxime proxetil is a prodrug which is absorbed and de-esterified by the intestinal mucosa to Cefpodoxime.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Azithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Azithromycin is a semi-synthetic macrolide antibiotic of the azalide class. Like other macrolide antibiotics, azithromycin inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 50S ribosomal subunit of the bacterial 70S ribosome. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the process of translation. Its effects may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending of the organism and the drug concentration. Its long half life, which enables once daily dosing and shorter administration durations, is a property distinct from other macrolides.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in the specific conditions: H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, S. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, M. pneumoniae, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. agal
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Perflenapent
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dodecafluoropentane is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product EchoGen.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cephalexin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with antimicrobial activity similar to that of cephaloridine or cephalothin, but somewhat less potent. It is effective against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes; otitis media due to Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Moraxella catarrhalis; skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Streptococcus pyogenes; bone infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Proteus mirabilis; genitourinary tract infections, including acute prostatitis, caused by Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cefixime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefixime, an antibiotic, is a third-generation cephalosporin like ceftriaxone and cefotaxime. Cefixime is highly stable in the presence of beta-lactamase enzymes. As a result, many organisms resistant to penicillins and some cephalosporins due to the presence of beta-lactamases, may be susceptible to cefixime. The antibacterial effect of cefixime results from inhibition of mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following infections when caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urinary tract infections caused by Escherichia coli and Proteus mirabilis, (2) otitis media caused by Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase positive and negative strains), Moraxella catarrhalis (most of which are beta-lactamase positive), and S. pyogenes, (3) pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by S. pyogenes, (4) acute bronchitis and acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase positive and negative strains), and (5) uncomplicated gonorrhea (cervical/urethral) caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae (penicillinase- and non-penicillinase-producing strains).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Iodamide
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iodamide is a contrast medium molecule that is no longer marketed in the United States.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Perflubron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Perflubron (Oxygent) is being developed as an intravascular oxygen carrier designed to augment oxygen delivery in surgical patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac surgery, hemorrhage, and ileus.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Galactose
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galactose has been used in trials studying the treatment and diagnostic of Hepatitis C, Hepatic Cancer, Wilsons Disease, Diabetic Macular Oedema, and Focal Segmental Glomerulosclerosis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Acetrizoic acid
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Acetrizoic acid presents the molecular formula of 3-acetamidol-2,4,6-triiodobenzoic acid[5] and it is the first monomeric ionic compound used as an X-ray contrast agent.[1] It was first synthesized by Wallingford in 1953[2] and it was filled in the FDA by the Johnson & Johnson subsidiary, Cilag Chemie AG, on February 8th, 1978.[7] Acetrizoic acid presents, in the FDA records, a category of drug substance with an inactive status.[6]
4. Indication:  Acetrizoic acid indication was to be used as a contrast agent for X-ray. Some information indicates its nephrotropic property as one of the characteristics for the utilization of acetrizoic acid.[1] The X-ray imaging depends on the difference in tissue density which is provided by an X-ray attenuation between the area of interest and the surrounding tissue. The use of contrast agents will provoke a contrast enhancement or opacification and it will improve the differentiation of pathological processes from normal tissue.[3]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Iopanoic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopanoic acid is an iodine-containing radiocontrast medium used in cholecystography.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Iomeprol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iomeprol has been investigated for the diagnostic of Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Iopamidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopamidol is a contrast agent developed by Bracco with nonionic, low-osmolar properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iobitridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iobitridol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Diagnostic Imaging, Coronary Artery Disease, Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, and Coronary Atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fenspiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Finafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Finafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic indicated in the treatment of acute otitis externa (swimmer's ear) caused by the bacteria Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus. Finafloxacin is marketed by Novartis under the brand Xtoro™, and was approved by the FDA in December 2014. 
4. Indication:  Finafloxacin is indicated for the treatment of acute otitis externa (AOE) with or without an otowick, caused by susceptible strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa and Staphylococcus aureus in patients age 1 year and older. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Metrizoic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium. Owing to its high osmolality, metrizoic acid has a risk of inducing allergic reactions compared to lower osmolar contrast media. Its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. One study in 1976 demonstrated that metrizoic acid, when used for cardiac angiography, was well tolerated. A total of 10, 000 injections were administered to 2,028 patients undergoing angiocardiographic procedures over a three-year period. With two exceptions, all complications occurred during injection of the right coronary artery. Seven cases of ventricular fibrillation, and 5 of significant bradycardia/asystole, were associated with metrizoic acid injection. In general, the drug was well tolerated by patients during cardiac examinations [A32901].
4. Indication:  For use as a contrast medium [2].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Gadofosveset trisodium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gadofosveset trisodium is an intravenous contrast agent used with magnetic resonance angiography(MRA), which is a non-invasive way of imaging blood vessels. The agent allows for the vascular system to be imaged more clearly by the MRA. In this way, gadofosveset trisodium is used to help diagnose certain disorders of the heart and blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Gadofosveset trisodium is indicated for use as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance angiography (MRA) to evaluate aortoiliac occlusive disease (AIOD) in adults with known or suspected peripheral vascular disease.
