DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Icodextrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Icodextrin is an iso-osmotic peritoneal dialysis solution containing glucose polymers. It is used primarily for ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients and automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for patients with end-stage renal disease. It is injected as a solution into the peritoneal cavity. The drug is absorbed via convective transport via peritoneal lymphatic pathways.
4. Indication:  Used for continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) of diabetic patients or automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) for the management of end-stage renal disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Platinum
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Platinum is under investigation for the treatment of Metastatic Breast Cancer, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Gastric Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, Colorectal Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, and Pancreatic Large Cell Neuroendocrine Carcinoma, among others. Platinum has been investigated for the treatment and supportive care of Ovarian Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, Peritoneal Primary Cancer, Non Small Cell Lung Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Carcinoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Trebananib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Trebananib is under investigation for the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Peritoneal Cancer, and Fallopian Tube Cancer. Trebananib has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Oncology, Carcinoma, Metastases, and Colon Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Isoxaflutole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Balance has been investigated for the treatment of Chronic Renal Failure and Peritoneal Membrane Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lactic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A normal intermediate in the fermentation (oxidation, metabolism) of sugar. The concentrated form is used internally to prevent gastrointestinal fermentation. (From Stedman, 26th ed) Sodium lactate is the sodium salt of lactic acid, and has a mild saline taste. It is produced by fermentation of a sugar source, such as corn or beets, and then, by neutralizing the resulting lactic acid to create a compound having the formula NaC3H5O3.
4. Indication:  For use as an alkalinizing agent.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mirvetuximab Soravtansine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirvetuximab Soravtansine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian cancer, Endometrial Cancer, Fallopian tube cancer, Epithelial Ovarian Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  S-8184
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  S8184 is a cremophor free, vitamin E based paclitaxel emulsion incorporating a p glycoprotein inhibitor and particle size based tumor targeting designed to reduce toxicity, allow bolus dosing in 15 minutes, and potentially increase efficacy.
4. Indication:  Ovarian cancer or primary peritoneal carcinoma
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LY-295501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ILX-295501 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Metastatic Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cavity Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Sulfacytine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfacytine is a short-acting sulfonamide. The sulfonamides are synthetic bacteriostatic antibiotics with a wide spectrum against most gram-positive and many gram-negative organisms. However, many strains of an individual species may be resistant. Sulfonamides inhibit multiplication of bacteria by acting as competitive inhibitors of p-aminobenzoic acid in the folic acid metabolism cycle. Bacterial sensitivity is the same for the various sulfonamides, and resistance to one sulfonamide indicates resistance to all. Most sulfonamides are readily absorbed orally. However, parenteral administration is difficult, since the soluble sulfonamide salts are highly alkaline and irritating to the tissues. The sulfonamides are widely distributed throughout all tissues. High levels are achieved in pleural, peritoneal, synovial, and ocular fluids. Although these drugs are no longer used to treat meningitis, CSF levels are high in meningeal infections.Sulfacytine is a competitive inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. It inhibits bacterial synthesis of of dihydrofolic acid by preventing the condensation of the pteridine with para-aminobenzoic acid (PABA), a substrate of the enzyme dihydropteroate synthetase. The inhibited reaction is necessary in these organisms for the synthesis of folic acid.
4. Indication:  Used orally in the treatment of acute urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Saracatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Saracatinib has been investigated for the treatment of Cancer, Osteosarcoma, Ovarian Cancer, Fallopian Tube Cancer, and Primary Peritoneal Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  CP-547632
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-547632 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ovarian Cancer, Lung Neoplasms, Ovarian Neoplasms, Peritoneal Neoplasms, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Magnesium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Magnesium chloride salts are typical ionic halides, being highly soluble in water. The hydrated magnesium chloride can be extracted from brine or sea water.
4. Indication:  Magnesium chloride is used in several medical and topical (skin related) applications. Magnesium chloride usp, anhydrous uses as electrolyte replenisher, pharmaceutic necessity for hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis fluids.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sulfametopyrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Long-acting plasma-bound sulfonamide used for respiratory and urinary tract infections and also for malaria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sulfoxone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfoxone is a water-soluble sulfone used as an antileprosy drug. It has been used with limited success in the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of leprosy and dermatitis herpetiformis
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Calcium Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium chloride is an ionic compound of calcium and chlorine. It is highly soluble in water and it is deliquescent. It is a salt that is solid at room temperature, and it behaves as a typical ionic halide. It has several common applications such as brine for refrigeration plants, ice and dust control on roads, and in cement. It can be produced directly from limestone, but large amounts are also produced as a by-product of the Solvay process. Because of its hygroscopic nature, it must be kept in tightly-sealed containers. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypocalcemia in those conditions requiring a prompt increase in blood plasma calcium levels, for the treatment of magnesium intoxication due to overdosage of magnesium sulfate, and used to combat the deleterious effects of hyperkalemia as measured by electrocardiographic (ECG), pending correction of the increased potassium level in the extracellular fluid.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sulfamoxole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfamoxole is a sulfonamide antibacterial.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Olaparib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.Indicated as monotherapy in patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA mutated (as detected by an FDA-approved test) advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.Indicated for the treatment of patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer, who have been previously treated with chemotherapy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sulfamethizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A sulfathiazole antibacterial agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Sulfisoxazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting sulfonamide antibacterial with activity against a wide range of gram- negative and gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe, repeated, or long-lasting urinary tract infections, meningococcal meningitis, acute otitis media, trachoma, inclusion conjunctivitis, nocardiosis, chancroid, toxoplasmosis, malaria and other bacterial infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Iohexol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iohexol is an effective non-ionic, water-soluble contrast agent which is used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures. Its low systemic toxicity is the combined result of low chemotoxicity and low osmolality. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Iohexol ia used in myelography, arthrography, nephroangiography, arteriography, and other radiographic procedures.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Catumaxomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Catumaxumab is a trifunctional monoclonal antibody developed for use in cancer treatment. It has affinity for T-cells, accessory immune cells, and cancer cells. Catumaxumab was initially authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in April 2009 for the treatment of malignant ascites [3]. Its market authorization was withdrawn in the EU in June 2017 at the manufacturer's request due to the company's insolvency. Catumaxumab was approved for market in Canada in May 2012 for the same condition [FDA Label]. It is currently available under the brand name Removab.
4. Indication:  For use in the management of malignant ascites tumours via intraperitoneal infusion where standard therapy is not available or feasible [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Glucose
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glucose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) generated during phosynthesis involving water, carbon and sunlight in plants. It is produced in humans via hepatic gluconeogenesis and breakdown of polymeric glucose forms (glycogenolysis). It circulates in human circulation as blood glucose and acts as an essential energy source for many organisms through aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation. It is primarily stored as starch in plants and glycogen in animals to be used in various metabolic processes in the cellular level. Its aldohexose stereoisomer, dextrose or D-glucose, is the most commonly occurring isomer of glucose in nature. L-glucose is a synthesized enantiomer that is used as a low-calorie sweetener and laxative. The unspecified form of glucose is commonly supplied as an injection for nutritional supplementation or metabolic disorders where glucose levels are improperly regulated. Glucose is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Glucose pharmaceutical formulations (oral tablets, injections) are indicated for caloric supply and carbohydrate supplementation in case of nutrient deprivation. It is also used in metabolic disorders such as hypoglycemia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sulfanilamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vulvovaginitis caused by Candida albicans.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
