DrugId:  1
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  AVR118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVR118 represents a new type of biopolymer chemistry that also possesses novel immunomodulator activity. This non-toxic peptide-nucleic acid, which to date has shown no indication of human toxicity, appears to stimulate the proinflammatory responses required to combat viral infections such as AIDS and human papilloma virus and to dampen aberrant autoimmune-type inflammatory responses. AVR118 is being studied for the promise shown in its ability to mitigate the toxic side effects of other drugs (including those used to treat HIV infection and chemotherapeutic drugs employed in the treatment of cancers); for its ability to stimulate the immune system to attack tumor cells (especially those cancer cells that have been damaged by chemotherapeutic agents) and for its ability to treat cachexia (wasting) in patients with AIDS or cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dabrafenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dabrafenib mesylate is a reversible ATP-competitive kinase inhibitor and targets the MAPK pathway. FDA approved on May 29, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Dabrafenib is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with BRAF V600E mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test.
