DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m Injection is indicated for use in adults for imaging in the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and nasolacrimal drainage system (dacryoscintigraphy). It is indicated for use in children for imaging the following tissues: thyroid and urinary bladder. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Leptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Although leptin is a circulating signal that reduces appetite, in general, obese people have an unusually high circulating concentration of leptin. These people are said to be resistant to the effects of leptin, in much the same way that people with type 2 diabetes are resistant to the effects of insulin. Thus, obesity develops when people take in more energy than they use over a prolonged period of time, and this excess food intake is not driven by hunger signals, occurring in spite of the anti-appetite signals from circulating leptin. The high sustained concentrations of leptin from the enlarged fat stores result in the cells that respond to leptin becoming desensitized.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lipodystrophy and obesity.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Corticorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  AVR118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVR118 represents a new type of biopolymer chemistry that also possesses novel immunomodulator activity. This non-toxic peptide-nucleic acid, which to date has shown no indication of human toxicity, appears to stimulate the proinflammatory responses required to combat viral infections such as AIDS and human papilloma virus and to dampen aberrant autoimmune-type inflammatory responses. AVR118 is being studied for the promise shown in its ability to mitigate the toxic side effects of other drugs (including those used to treat HIV infection and chemotherapeutic drugs employed in the treatment of cancers); for its ability to stimulate the immune system to attack tumor cells (especially those cancer cells that have been damaged by chemotherapeutic agents) and for its ability to treat cachexia (wasting) in patients with AIDS or cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ticalopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and gastroparesis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Loperamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the long-acting synthetic antidiarrheals; it is not significantly absorbed from the gut, and has no effect on the adrenergic system or central nervous system, but may antagonize histamine and interfere with acetylcholine release locally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control and symptomatic relief of acute nonspecific diarrhea and of chronic diarrhea associated with inflammatory bowel disease or gastroenteritis. Also used for reducing the volume of discharge from ileostomies.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dabrafenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dabrafenib mesylate is a reversible ATP-competitive kinase inhibitor and targets the MAPK pathway. FDA approved on May 29, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Dabrafenib is indicated for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with BRAF V600E mutation as detected by an FDA-approved test.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cinchocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic of the amide type now generally used for surface anesthesia. It is one of the most potent and toxic of the long-acting local anesthetics and its parenteral use is restricted to spinal anesthesia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1006)
4. Indication:  For production of local or regional anesthesia by infiltration techniques such as percutaneous injection and intravenous regional anesthesia by peripheral nerve block techniques such as brachial plexus and intercostal and by central neural techniques such as lumbar and caudal epidural blocks.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Teduglutide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Teduglutide is a glucagon-like peptide-2 (GLP-2) analogue. It is made up of 33 amino acids and is manufactured using a strain of Escherichia coli modified by recombinant DNA technology. Teduglutide differs from GLP-2 by one amino acid (alanine is substituted by glycine). The significance of this substitution is that teduglutide is longer acting than endogenous GLP-2 as it is more resistant to proteolysis from dipeptidyl peptidase-4. FDA approved on December 21, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of short bowel syndrome (SBS), malabsorption associated with the removal of the intestine, in adults patients who are dependent on parenteral support. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Lidocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic and cardiac depressant used as an antiarrhythmia agent. Its actions are more intense and its effects more prolonged than those of procaine but its duration of action is shorter than that of bupivacaine or prilocaine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For production of local or regional anesthesia by infiltration techniques such as percutaneous injection and intravenous regional anesthesia by peripheral nerve block techniques such as brachial plexus and intercostal and by central neural techniques such as lumbar and caudal epidural blocks.
