DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ravulizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Long-acting complement 5 (C5) inhibitor in clinical trials for the treatment of paroxysmal nocturnal haemoglobinuria as of 4 February, 2016. A drug similar to ALXN1210, called eculizumab, is approved for the treatment of PNH in 46 countries under the brand name Soliris®. ALXN1210 is considered by Alexion Pharmaceuticals Inc. to be a "next generation" eculizumab molecule.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Etripamil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Etripamil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Paroxysmal Supraventricular Tachycardia (PSVT).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Phensuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phensuximide is an anticonvulsant in the succinimide class. It suppresses the paroxysmal three cycle per second spike and wave EEG pattern associated with lapses of consciousness in petit mal seizures. The frequency of attacks is reduced by depression of nerve transmission in the motor cortex.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dronedarone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dronedarone is a sinus rhythm controller for management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation. Classified as a Class III antiarrhythmic but displays properties of all four Vaughan-Williams classes, dronedarone blocks a multitude of channels (sodium, potassium, calcium), and demonstrates antiadrenergic properties. Chemically, it is a benzofuran derivative. FDA approved on July 1, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation via restoration of normal sinus rhythm. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Eculizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Soliris is a formulation of eculizumab which is a recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG2/4;κ antibody produced by murine myeloma cell culture and purified by standard bioprocess technology. Eculizumab contains human constant regions from human IgG2 sequences and human IgG4 sequences and murine complementarity-determining regions grafted onto the human framework light- and heavy-chain variable regions. Eculizumab is composed of two 448 amino acid heavy chains and two 214 amino acid light chains and has a molecular weight of approximately 148 kDa.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) to reduce hemolysis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pilsicainide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pilsicainide has been investigated for the treatment of Paroxysmal Atrial Fibrillation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tecadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tecadenoson is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arrhythmia and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Regadenoson
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Regadenoson is an A2A adenosine receptor agonist that causes coronary vasodilation and used for myocardial perfusion imagining. Manufactured by Astellas and FDA approved April 10, 2008. 
4. Indication:  Diagnostic agent for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ethosuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant especially useful in the treatment of absence seizures unaccompanied by other types of seizures. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of petit mal epilepsy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Methsuximide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mesuximide (or methsuximide) is an anticonvulsant medication. It is sold by Pfizer under the name Petinutin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to other drugs.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Flecainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A potent anti-arrhythmia agent, effective in a wide range of ventricular and atrial arrhythmias and tachycardias. Paradoxically, however, in myocardial infarct patients with either symptomatic or asymptomatic arrhythmia, flecainide exacerbates the arrhythmia and is not recommended for use in these patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Flecainide is is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent and as such, it is used for the prevention of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias (PSVT), including atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia, atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia and other supraventricular tachycardias of unspecified mechanism associated with disablin.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Phentolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is used in the treatment of hypertension and hypertensive emergencies, pheochromocytoma, vasospasm of raynaud disease and frostbite, clonidine withdrawal syndrome, impotence, and peripheral vascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as an aid for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, and may be administered immediately prior to or during pheochromocytomectomy to prevent or control paroxysmal hypertension resulting from anesthesia, stress, or operative manipulation of the tumor. Phentolamine has also been used to treat hypertensive crisis caused by sympathomimetic amines or catecholamine excess by certain foods or drugs in patients taking MAO inhibitors, or by clonidine withdrawal syndrome. Other indications include the prevention of dermal necrosis and sloughing following IV administration or extravasation of norepinephrine, decrease in impedance to left ventricular ejection and the infarct size in patients with MI associated with left ventricular failure, treatment of erectile dysfunction through self-injection of small doses combined with papaverine hydrochloride into the corpus cavernosum, and as an adjunct to the management of cocaine overdose to reverse coronary vasoconstriction following use of oxygen, benzodiazepines,and nitroglycerin. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Propafenone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmia agent that is particularly effective in ventricular arrhythmias. It also has weak beta-blocking activity. The drug is generally well tolerated. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prolong the time to recurrence of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation/flutter (PAF) associated with disabling symptoms in patients without structural heart disease. Also used for the treatment of life-threatening documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Adenosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside that is composed of adenine and d-ribose. Adenosine or adenosine derivatives play many important biological roles in addition to being components of DNA and RNA. Adenosine itself is a neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Used as an initial treatment for the termination of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PVST), including that associated with accessory bypass tracts, and is a drug of choice for terminating stable, narrow-complex supraventricular tachycardias (SVT). Also used as an adjunct to thallous chloride TI 201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy (thallium stress test) in patients who are unable to exercise adequately, as well as an adjunct to vagal maneuvers and clinical assessment to establish a specific diagnosis of undefined, stable, narrow-complex SVT.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
