DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sulfapyridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial, potentially toxic, and previously used to treat certain skin diseases. No longer prescribed. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis, benign mucous membrane pemphigoid and pyoderma gangrenosum
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Topsalysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Topsalysin is being developed for the treatment of localized prostate cancer and also benign prostatic hyperplasia. Topsalysin is delivered locally to the prostate under ultrasound guidance.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, cancer/tumors (unspecified), prostate cancer, prostate disorders, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Finasteride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An orally active testosterone 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor. It is used as a surgical alternative for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men with an enlarged prostate to: Improve symptoms, reduce the risk of acute urinary retention, reduce the risk of the need for surgery including transurethral resection of the prostate. Also used for the stimulation of regrowth of hair in men with mild to moderate androgenetic alopecia (male pattern alopecia, hereditary alopecia, common male baldness).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Elocalcitol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, urinary incontinence, prostate disorders, and infertility.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Podofilox
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A lignan (lignans) found in podophyllin resin from the roots of podophyllum plants. It is a potent spindle poison, toxic if taken internally, and has been used as a cathartic. It is very irritating to skin and mucous membranes, has keratolytic actions, has been used to treat warts and keratoses, and may have antineoplastic properties, as do some of its congeners and derivatives. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of external genital warts (Condyloma acuminatum).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  NX-1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lonidamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lonidamine (LND) is a drug that interferes with energy metabolism of cancer cells, principally inhibiting aerobic glycolytic activity, by its effect on mitochondrially-bound hexokinase (HK). In such way LND could impair energy-requiring processes, as recovery from potentially lethal damage, induced by radiation treatment and by some cytotoxic drugs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia, prostate disorders, and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An alkaloid ester extracted from the leaves of plants including coca. It is a local anesthetic and vasoconstrictor and is clinically used for that purpose, particularly in the eye, ear, nose, and throat. It also has powerful central nervous system effects similar to the amphetamines and is a drug of abuse. Cocaine, like amphetamines, acts by multiple mechanisms on brain catecholaminergic neurons; the mechanism of its reinforcing effects is thought to involve inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the introduction of local (topical) anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes of the oral, laryngeal and nasal cavities.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Guselkumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Guselkumab is a human immunoglobulin G1 lambda (IgG1λ) monoclonal antibody that selectively blocks interleukin-23. IL-23 is an inflammatory cytokine that activates the CD4+ T-helper (Th17) cell pathway to mediate the inflammatory cascade that induces psoriatic plaque formation [2]. In clinical trials, guselkumab demonstrated improved skin clearance and symptomatic improvements in dermatological manifestations of psoriasis. Developed by Janssen, the subcutenous injection form of guselkumab was approved in July 2017 under the market name Tremfya for the treatment of adult patients with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dupilumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dupilumab injection to treat adults with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis). Dupilumab is intended for patients whose eczema is not controlled adequately by topical therapies, or those for whom topical therapies are not advisable. Dupilumab can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. FDA approval on March 28, 2017.
4. Indication:  Dupilumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of atopic diseases such as eczema.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nystatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nystatin is a polyene antifungal drug to which many molds and yeasts are sensitive, including Candida spp. Nystatin has some toxicity associated with it when given intravenously, but it is not absorbed across intact skin or mucous membranes. It is considered a relatively safe drug for treating oral or gastrointestinal fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For treatment of cutaneous or mucocutaneous mycotic infections caused by Candida species
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dyclonine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dyclonine is an oral anaesthetic found in Sucrets, an over the counter throat lozenge. It is also found in some varieties of the Cepacol sore throat spray.
4. Indication:  Used to provide topical anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes prior to examination, endoscopy or instrumentation, or other procedures involving the esophagus, larynx, mouth, pharynx or throat, respiratory tract or trachea, urinary tract, or vagina. Also used to suppress the gag reflex and/or other laryngeal and esophageal reflexes to facilitate dental examination or procedures (including oral surgery), endoscopy, or intubation. Also used for relief of canker sores, cold sores or fever blister.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eflornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Eflornithine is a prescription drug indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth). Eflornithine hydrochloride cream for topical application is intended for use in women suffering from facial hirsutism and is sold by Allergan, Inc. under the brand name Vaniqa. Besides being a non-mechanical and non-cosmetic treatment, eflornithine is the only non-hormonal and non-systemic prescription option available for women who suffer from facial hirsutism. Eflornithine for injection against sleeping sickness was manufactured by Sanofi Aventis and sold under the brand name Ornidyl in the USA. It is now discontinued. Eflornithine is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Eflornithine is indicated in the treatment of facial hirsutism (excessive hair growth).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Podophyllin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the root of the plant Podophyllum sp. Berberidaceae (mandrake), which contains numerous compounds, among which podophyllotoxin. Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.
4. Indication:  25% podophyllin (in benzoin tincture) is indicated for the removal of soft genital (venereal) warts (condylomata acuminata).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acitretin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An oral retinoid effective in the treatment of psoriasis. It is the major metabolite of etretinate with the advantage of a much shorter half-life when compared with etretinate. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe psoriasis in adults.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Calcipotriol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcipotriol (INN) or calcipotriene (USAN) is a sythetic derivative of calcitriol or Vitamin D.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate plaque psoriasis in adults.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pimecrolimus
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimecrolimus is an immunomodulating agent used in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema). It is currently available as a topical cream, once marketed by Novartis, (however Galderma will be promoting the molecule in Canada in early 2007) under the trade name Elidel. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tazarotene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tazarotene (marketed as Tazorac®, Avage® and Zorac®) is a prescription topical retinoid sold as a cream or gel. This medication is approved for treatment of psoriasis, acne, and sun damaged skin (photodamage). [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to treat psoriasis, acne and sun damaged skin (photodamage).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Methyl aminolevulinate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methyl aminolevulinate is a prodrug that is metabolised to Protoporphyrin IX (a photosensitizer) used in photodynamic therapy.
4. Indication:  For topical use, in combination with 570 to 670 nm wavelength red light illumination, in the treatment of non-hyperkeratotic actinic keratoses of the face and scalp in immunocompetent patients when used in conjunction with lesion preparation (debridement using a sharp dermal curette).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Botulinum Toxin Type A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Purified botulinum toxin from Clostridium botulinum, purified from culture via dialysis and acid precipitation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cervical dystonia in adults to decrease the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia. Also for the treatment of severe primary axillary hyperhidrosis that is inadequately managed with topical agents and for the treatment of strabismus and blepharospasm associated with dystonia, including benign essential blepharospasm or VII nerve disorders in patients 12 years of age and above. Also used cosmetically to temporarily improve the appearance of moderate-to-severe frown lines between the eyebrows (glabellar lines) as well as for the treatment of excessive underarm sweating.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nizatidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H2 receptor antagonist with low toxicity that inhibits gastric acid secretion. The drug is used for the treatment of duodenal ulcers. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, active benign gastric ulcer, and active duodenal ulcer.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Alitretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important regulator of gene expression during growth and development, and in neoplasms. Tretinoin, also known as retinoic acid and derived from maternal vitamin A, is essential for normal growth; and embryonic development. An excess of tretinoin can be teratogenic. It is used in the treatment of psoriasis; acne vulgaris; and several other skin diseases. It has also been approved for use in promyelocytic leukemia (leukemia, promyelocytic, acute).
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of cutaneous lesions in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ingenol Mebutate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ingenol mebutate was approved by the FDA in January 2012, and it is marketed under the name Picato®. Picato gel is indicated for the topical treatment of actinic keratosis. Before approval, ingenol mebutate was called PEP005 as an investigational drug. PEP005 is a selective small molecule activator of protein kinase C (PKC) extracted from the plant Euphorbia peplus, whose sap has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of skin conditions including warts and cancer. PEP005 also has potent anti-leukemic effects, inducing apoptosis in myeloid leukemia cell lines and primary AML cells at nanomolar concentrations. 
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of actinic keratosis.
