DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  SRP 299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRP 299 is a preparation of killed Mycobacterium vaccae that has been tested in uses related to inhibiting periodontal disease, in treating asthma and in treating eczema, itching and inflammation. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity. A specific subset of serotonergic neurons in the interfascicular part of the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRI) is believed to be involved, based on studies with mice. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, atopic dermatitis, and pediatric atopic dermatitis indications.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Diloxanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Diloxanide furoate is an anti-protozoal drug used in the treatment of Entamoeba histolytica and some other protozoal infections. Although it is not currently approved for use in the United States, it was approved by a CDC study in the treatment of 4,371 cases of Entamoeba histolytica from 1977 to 1990.
4. Indication:  Diloxanide is used alone as a primary agent in the treatment of asymptomatic (cyst passers) intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica. Diloxanide may also be used concurrently, or sequentially, with other agents such as the nitroimidazoles (eg. metronidazole) in the treatment of invasive or extraintestinal forms of amebiasis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  CRx-119
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CRx-119 is a novel synergistic combination drug candidate discovered using the CombinatoRx combination High Throughput Screening (cHTS(TM)) technology with potential therapeutic use in a broad range of immuno-inflammatory conditions. CRx-119 is a combination of a low dose of the steroid prednisolone, 3mg, and amoxapine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ubidecarenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ubidecarenone, also known as coenzyme Q10, is a 1,4-benzoquinone, where Q refers to the quinone chemical group, and 10 refers to the number of isoprenyl chemical subunits in its tail.[1] It is a powerful antioxidant, a lipid-soluble and essential cofactor in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation.[2] The ubidecarenone is the coenzyme destined for mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in the production of ATP. It is fundamental for cells that have a high metabolic demand.[7] Ubidecarenone is sold as a dietary supplement and is not FDA approved as a drug thus, it is not meant to treat, cure or prevent any disease. FDA does not approve this dietary supplements before sold nor regulate the manufacturing process.[8]
4. Indication:  The diet supplements containing ubidecarenone are indicated, as stated in the product label, to assist individuals with cardiovascular complaints including congestive heart failure and systolic hypertension. In the product, ubidecarenone is used to increase the cardiac input as well as for the prevention of several other diseases like Parkinson, fibromyalgia, migraine, periodontal disease and diabetes, based on preclinical studies.[9] It is important to highlight that these products are not FDA approved and it is recommended to use under discretion.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
