DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Antithrombin Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antithrombin Alfa is a recombinant antithrombin , an anticoagulant, that is used for the prevention of thromboembolic events in patients that have hereditary deficiency of antithrombin in high risk situations.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin alfa is a recombinant antithrombin it is indicated for the prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolic events in patients with hereditary deficiency of antithrombin. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Antithrombin III human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A plasma alpha 2 glycoprotein that accounts for the major antithrombin activity of normal plasma and also inhibits several other enzymes. It is a member of the serpin superfamily.
4. Indication:  Antithrombin III human is a human antithrombin (AT) indicated in patients with hereditary antithrombin deficiency for the treatment and prevention of thromboembolism and prevention of peri-operative and peri-partum thromboembolism
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MF101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MF101 is a novel estrogen receptor beta (ERβ) selective agonist and unlike currently available hormone therapies, does not activate the estrogen receptor alpha (ERα), known to be implicated in tumor formation. MF101 is an oral drug designed for the treatment of hot flashes and night sweats in peri-menopausal and menopausal women.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hormone replacement therapy: menopause and menopause.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Goserelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Goserelin is a synthetic hormone. In men, it stops the production of the hormone testosterone, which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells. In women, goserelin decreases the production of the hormone estradiol (which may stimulate the growth of cancer cells) to levels similar to a postmenopausal state. When the medication is stopped, hormone levels return to normal.
4. Indication:  Used to treat hormone-sensitive cancers of the breast (in pre- and peri- menopausal women) and prostate, and some benign gynaecological disorders (endometriosis, uterine fibroids and endometrial thinning). In addition, goserelin is used in assisted reproduction and in the treatment of precocious puberty.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Buprenorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Buprenorphine is a derivative of the opioid alkaloid thebaine that is a more potent (25 - 40 times) and longer lasting analgesic than morphine. It appears to act as a partial agonist at mu and kappa opioid receptors and as an antagonist at delta receptors. The lack of delta-agonist activity has been suggested to account for the observation that buprenorphine tolerance may not develop with chronic use.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe pain, peri-operative analgesia, and opioid dependence.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Estradiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol (also known as E2 or 17β-estradiol) is a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. It is the most potent form of mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As such, estradiol plays an essential role in the regulation of the menstrual cycle, in the development of puberty and secondary female sex characteristics, as well as in ageing and several hormonally-mediated disease states. Estrogen mediates its effects across the body through potent agonism of the Estrogen Receptor (ER), which is located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain. Estradiol binds to both subtypes of the Estrogen Receptor: Estrogen Receptor Alpha (ERα) and Estrogen Receptor Beta (ERβ). Estradiol also acts as a potent agonist of G Protein-coupled Estrogen Receptor (GPER), which has recently been recognized as a major mediator of estradiol's rapid cellular effects [9]. Estradiol is commercially available in several hormone therapy products for managing conditions associated with reduced estrogen production such as menopausal and peri-menopausal symptoms as well as hypoestrogenism. It is also used in transgender hormone therapy, as a component of oral contraceptive pills for preventing pregnancy (most commonly as Ethinyl Estradiol, a synthetic form of estradiol), and is sometimes used for the palliative treatment of some hormone-sensitive cancers like breast and prostate cancer. Estradiol is available in a number of formulations including oral, transdermal, and injectable. The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulphate conjugated form, estrone sulphate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems.When used for oral or IM administration, estradiol is commonly synthesized as a pro-drug ester (such as Estradiol acetate, Estradiol benzoate, Estradiol cypionate, Estradiol dienanthate, and Estradiol valerate). It is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter the systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [10]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improve absorption after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from intramuscular depot injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity [14]. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Recommendations for treatment of menopausal symptoms changed drastically following the release of results and early termination of the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) studies in 2002 as a number of concerns were raised regarding the use of estrogen [11]. Specifically, the combined estrogen–progestin arm was discontinued after approximately five years of follow up due to a statistically significant increase in invasive breast cancer and in cardiovascular events [12]. Following extensive critique of the WHI results in the years following its release, Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) is now recommended to be used only for a short period (for 3-5 years post-menopause) in low doses, and in women without a history of breast cancer or at increased risk of cardiovascular or thromboembolic disease [13]. Notably, use of estrogen for menopausal symptoms should always be accompanied by a progestin component due to estrogen's effects on the endometrium; in women with an intact uterus, unopposed estrogen has been shown to promote the growth of the endometrium which can lead to endometrial hyperplasia and possibly cancer in the long-term. Ethinyl Estradiol (EE) is a synthetic form of estradiol commonly used as the estrogenic component of most combination Oral Contraceptive Pills (OCPs). Ethinyl Estradiol differs from Estradiol in that it has improved biovailability and greater resistance to metabolism, making it more suitable for oral administration.
4. Indication:  Estradiol is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause, for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, or primary ovarian failure, and for the prevention of post-menopausal osteoarthritis. It is also used for the treatment of breast cancer (for palliation only) in appropriately selected women and men with metastatic disease, and for the treatment of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Benzethonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzethonium is a synthetic quaternary ammonium salt with surfactant, antiseptic, and broad spectrum antimicrobial properties. Its salt form, benzethonium chloride, is primarily used as a skin disinfectant at concentrations of 0.1-0.2 %, which are safe and effective concentrations for the compound specified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). It is additionally found in cosmetics and toiletries such as mouthwashes and anti-itch ointments. It is shown to be effective in mediating its antimicrobial action against bacteria, fungi, mold and viruses. There is evidence that benzethonium acts as a spermatocide but may cause vaginal irritation [2]. Benzethonium was identified as a novel cancer-specific compound by cell-based small-molecule screen [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as an antiseptic agent. No therapeutic indications for clinical use. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Docusate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Docusate, or dioctyl sulfosuccinate, is a stool softener used for the treatment of constipation and stimulation of bowel movement. It works by increasing the amount of water the stool absorbs in the gut, making the stool softer and easier to pass [3]. Docusate exhibits little intrinsic stimulatory actions at recommended doses [4]. Its sodium salt form dioctyl sodium sulfosuccinate commonly being the active ingredient, docusate can be orally or rectally administered. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system. However the effectiveness of docusate in treating constipation remains unclear, as several studies report docusate to be no more effective than placebo for increasing the frequency of stool or stool softening [2]. Additionally, it does not appear to lessen symptoms associated with constipation such as abdominal cramps. Still decussate is available in over-the-counter products as one of common laxatives.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of constipation associated with dry, hard stools and decreased intestinal motility. Indicated for the prevention of occasional constipation or opioid-induced constipation.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sennosides
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sennosides (also known as senna glycoside or senna) is a medication used to treat constipation and empty the large intestine before surgery. The medication is taken by mouth or via the rectum. It typically begins working in minutes when given by rectum and within twelve hours when given by mouth. It is a weaker laxative than bisacodyl or castor oil. Sennoside A, one of the sennosides present in the laxative medication, has recently proven effective in inhibiting the ribonuclease H (RNase H) activity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reverse transcriptase [1].
4. Indication:  For the over the counter treatment of constipation [FDA Label].
