DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  SRP 299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SRP 299 is a preparation of killed Mycobacterium vaccae that has been tested in uses related to inhibiting periodontal disease, in treating asthma and in treating eczema, itching and inflammation. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-pathogenic, saprophytic bacteria whose antigens can be used to induce peripheral immune activation through the activity of regulatory T-cells that surpress inappropriate Th2 activity. A specific subset of serotonergic neurons in the interfascicular part of the dorsal raphe nucleus (DRI) is believed to be involved, based on studies with mice. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, atopic dermatitis, and pediatric atopic dermatitis indications.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AFN-1252
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AFN-1252 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cellulitis, Burn Infection, Wound Infection, Cutaneous Abscess, and Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Bacterial Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Radezolid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abscess, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Streptococcal Infections, Infectious Skin Diseases, and Staphylococcal Skin Infections, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  AC-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC-100 is a novel synthetic peptide derived from an endogenous human protein produced by bone and dental cells (a fragment from matrix extracellular phosphoglycoprotein). It is being developed by Acologix, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  CRx-119
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CRx-119 is a novel synergistic combination drug candidate discovered using the CombinatoRx combination High Throughput Screening (cHTS(TM)) technology with potential therapeutic use in a broad range of immuno-inflammatory conditions. CRx-119 is a combination of a low dose of the steroid prednisolone, 3mg, and amoxapine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tinidazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nitroimidazole antitrichomonal agent effective against Trichomonas vaginalis, Entamoeba histolytica, and Giardia lamblia infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of trichomoniasis caused by T. vaginalis in both female and male patients. Also for the treatment of giardiasis caused by G. duodenalis in both adults and pediatric patients older than three years of age and for the treatment of intestinal amebiasis and amebic liver abscess caused by E. histolytica in both adults and pediatric patients older than three years of age.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Anidulafungin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anidulafungin or Eraxis is an anti-fungal drug manufactured by Pfizer that gained approval by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in February 21, 2006; it was previously known as LY303366. There is preliminary evidence that it has a similar safety profile to caspofungin. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following fungal infections: Candidemia and other forms of Candida infections (intra-abdominal abscess, and peritonitis), Aspergillus infections, and esophageal candidiasis. Also considered an alternative treatment for oropharyngeal canaidiasis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ubidecarenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ubidecarenone, also known as coenzyme Q10, is a 1,4-benzoquinone, where Q refers to the quinone chemical group, and 10 refers to the number of isoprenyl chemical subunits in its tail.[1] It is a powerful antioxidant, a lipid-soluble and essential cofactor in mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation.[2] The ubidecarenone is the coenzyme destined for mitochondrial enzyme complexes involved in oxidative phosphorylation in the production of ATP. It is fundamental for cells that have a high metabolic demand.[7] Ubidecarenone is sold as a dietary supplement and is not FDA approved as a drug thus, it is not meant to treat, cure or prevent any disease. FDA does not approve this dietary supplements before sold nor regulate the manufacturing process.[8]
4. Indication:  The diet supplements containing ubidecarenone are indicated, as stated in the product label, to assist individuals with cardiovascular complaints including congestive heart failure and systolic hypertension. In the product, ubidecarenone is used to increase the cardiac input as well as for the prevention of several other diseases like Parkinson, fibromyalgia, migraine, periodontal disease and diabetes, based on preclinical studies.[9] It is important to highlight that these products are not FDA approved and it is recommended to use under discretion.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Chlorhexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A disinfectant and topical anti-infective agent used also as mouthwash to prevent oral plaque. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction of pocket depth in patients with adult periodontitis, used as an adjunct to scaling and root planing procedures. Also for prevention of dental caries, oropharyngeal decontamination in critically ill patients, hand hygiene in health-care personnel, general skin cleanser, and catheter site preparation and care.
