DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sofinicline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sofinicline has been used in trials studying the treatment of ADHD, Neuralgia, Diabetic, Diabetic Neuropathies, Diabetic Polyneuropathy, and Diabetic Neuropathic Pain, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Epicept NP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EpiCept NP-1 is a prescription topical analgesic cream designed to provide effective, long-term relief from the pain of peripheral neuropathies. Peripheral neuropathies are medical conditions caused by damage to the nerves in the peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system includes nerves that run from the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body. EpiCept NP-1 Cream is a patented formulation containing two FDA-approved drugs, amitriptyline (a widely-used antidepressant) and ketamine (an NMDA antagonist that is used as an anesthetic).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Plinabulin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methimazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioureylene antithyroid agent that inhibits the formation of thyroid hormones by interfering with the incorporation of iodine into tyrosyl residues of thyroglobulin. This is done by interfering with the oxidation of iodide ion and iodotyrosyl groups through inhibition of the peroxidase enzyme. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperthyroidism, goiter, Graves disease and psoriasis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Gabapentin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gabapentin (brand name Neurontin) is a medication originally developed for the treatment of epilepsy. Presently, gabapentin is widely used to relieve pain, especially neuropathic pain. Gabapentin is well tolerated in most patients, has a relatively mild side-effect profile, and passes through the body unmetabolized.
4. Indication:  For the management of postherpetic neuralgia in adults and as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial seizures with and without secondary generalization in patients over 12 years of age with epilepsy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ipilimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ipilimumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody (IgG1 kappa immunoglobin), is an antineoplastic agent developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. Ipilimumab received FDA approved on March 25, 2011. In October 2015, the FDA approved expanded the indications for Ipilimumab, allowing it to be used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
4. Indication:  Ipilimumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. It is also used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
