DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Zolpidem
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zolpidem is a prescription short-acting nonbenzodiazepine hypnotic that potentiates gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), an inhibitory neurotransmitter, by binding to benzodiazepine receptors which are located on the gamma-aminobutyric acid receptors. Zolpidem is used for the short-term treatment of insomnia. It works quickly (usually within 15 minutes) and has a short half-life (2-3 hours). It is classified as an imidazopyridine. As an anticonvulsant and muscle relaxant, the beneficial effects start to emerge at 10 and 20 times the dose required for sedation, respectively. For that reason, it has never been approved for either muscle relaxation or seizure prevention. Recently, zolpidem has been cited in various medical reports mainly in the United Kingdom as waking persistent vegetative state (PVS) patients, and dramatically improving the conditions of people with brain injuries.
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iodine povacrylex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodine povacrylex (DuraPrep) is a surgical solution, film-forming iodophor complex that provides fast acting, persistent, broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. DuraPrep solution is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteriathat can potentially cause skin infection.It is broad spectrum antispectic and can provide almost 99.9% antispectic conditions.It is intended for local use only. Prolonged skin exposure could cause skin defatting manifested by the following signs/symptoms; localized redness, itching, drying and cracking of skin.
4. Indication:  Antispetic and germicidal agent. It is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteria that can potentially cause skin infection.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dronedarone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dronedarone is a sinus rhythm controller for management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation. Classified as a Class III antiarrhythmic but displays properties of all four Vaughan-Williams classes, dronedarone blocks a multitude of channels (sodium, potassium, calcium), and demonstrates antiadrenergic properties. Chemically, it is a benzofuran derivative. FDA approved on July 1, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Management of paroxysmal or persistent atrial fibrillation via restoration of normal sinus rhythm. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  NPI 32101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NPI 32101 possesses both anti-inflammatory and broad spectrum antimicrobial activities. This combination of pharmacological properties may have additional therapeutic uses beyond dermatology.
4. Indication:  Atopic dermatitis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Apalutamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Apalutamide is a potent androgen receptor (AR) antagonist that selectively binds to the ligand-binding domain of AR and blocks AR nuclear translocation or binding to androgen response elements [1]. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of Prostate Cancer, Hepatic Impairment, Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant Prostate Cancer, and Prostatic Neoplasms, Castration-Resistant, among others. Exerting an antitumor action, apalutamide blocking the effect of androgens that promote tumor growth. It targets the AR ligand-binding domain and prevents AR nuclear translocation, DNA binding, and transcription of AR gene targets in prostate tumors [1]. In mice bearing human CRPC xenograft models, apalutamide treatment produced tumor regressions in a dose-dependent manner that was more effective than that of Bicalutamide or Enzalutamide. Unlike bicalutamide, apalutamide antagonized AR-mediated signaling in AR overexpressing human CRPC cell lines [1].Androgen-deprivation therapy, or hormone therapy, can be used as part of maintenance therapy for patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer. Although most patients achieve therapeutic responses at the initial hormone therapy, many patients progress to non-metastatic castration-resistant (resistance to hormone therapy) prostate cancer which is the second-most common cause of cancer-related deaths in American males [2]. Castration-resistant prostate cancer is often incurable, which poses significant clinical challenges for patients. Approximately 10 to 20 % of prostate cancer cases are castration-resistant, and up to 16% of these patients show no evidence of cancer metastasis at the time of castration-resistant diagnosis [3]. Higher prostate-specific antigen (PSA) and shorter PSA doubling time (PSA DT) are associated with a higher risk for metastases and death [1]. In a phase-2 multicenter open-label study, 89% of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer had ≥50% PSA decline at week 12 of apalutamide treatment [1]. In a randomized trial, the median metastasis-free survival for patients taking apalutamide was 40.5 months compared to 16.2 months for patients taking a placebo [3]. Apalutamide displayed good tolerability and safety profile in clinical studies. Apalutamide was approved in February 2018 by the FDA as Erleada for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic prostate cancer that is resistant to treatment with hormone therapy (castration-resistant). It is available as oral tablets. Apalutamide is the first FDA-approved treatment for non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of patients with non-metastatic, castration-resistant prostate cancer (NM-CRPC) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vorinostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vorinostat (rINN) or suberoylanilide hydroxamic acid (SAHA), is a drug currently under investigation for the treatment of cutaneous T cell lymphoma (CTCL), a type of skin cancer, to be used when the disease persists, gets worse, or comes back during or after treatment with other medicines. It is the first in a new class of agents known as histone deacetylase inhibitors. A recent study suggested that vorinostat also possesses some activity against recurrent glioblastoma multiforme, resulting in a median overall survival of 5.7 months (compared to 4 - 4.4 months in earlier studies). Further brain tumor trials are planned in which vorinostat will be combined with other drugs. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cutaneous manifestations in patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma who have progressive, persistent or recurrent disease on or following two systemic therapies.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Active immunization against hepatitis B virus infection.The vaccine will not protect against infection caused by hepatitis A and non-A non-B hepatitis viruses. As hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence of hepatitis B infection or carrier state, it can be expected that hepatitis D will also be prevented by vaccination with hepatitis B virus vaccine.The vaccine can be administered at any age from birth onwards. It may be used to start a primary course of vaccination or as a booster dose. It may also be used to complete a primary course of vaccination started with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines or as a booster dose in subjects who have previously received a primary course of vaccination with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines.In areas of low prevalence of hepatitis B, vaccination is strongly recommended in subjects who are at increased risk of infection. These include the following groups:Health professionals: physicians and surgeons; oral surgeons and dentists; nurses, dental nurses, dental hygienists, podiatrists; IV teams and operating room personnel; paramedical personnel in close contact with patients; staff in hemodialysis, nephrology, hepatology, hematology and oncology units; laboratory personnel handling blood and other clinical specimens; blood bank and plasma fractionation workers; pathologists and morgue attendants; cleaning staff who handle waste in hospitals; emergency and first aid workers; ambulance staff; dental, medical and nursing students.Patients: patients receiving frequent blood transfusion or clotting factor concentrates, such as those in oncology units and those with thalassemia, sickle-cell anemia, cirrhosis, hemophilia, etc.; patients on hemodialysis; patients with type 2 diabetes.Personnel and residents of institutions: persons with frequent and/or close contacts with high-risk groups; prisoners and prison staff; residents and staff of institutions for the developmentally challenged (those who are in contact with aggressive biting residents being at highest risk).Persons at increased risk due to their sexual practices: males having sexual contact with other males; others with multiple sexual partners or with a recent history of sexually transmitted disease.Persons who use injectable drugs illicitly.Travellers to areas of high endemicity and their close contacts.Household contacts of any of the above groups and of patients with acute or chronic hepatitis B infection.Infants born of HBsAg-positive mothers.Chronic Liver Disease (CLD): subjects with chronic liver disease; subjects at risk of developing CLD (e.g. Hepatitis C virus carriers, persons who abuse alcohol).Others: police; fire fighters; armed forces personnel; morticians and embalmers; those who through their work or personal lifestyle may be exposed to the hepatitis B virus.In areas of both low and high prevalence, vaccination should be offered to all young children and neonates at risk, as well as to adult high risk groups.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Adefovir Dipivoxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Adefovir dipivoxil, previously called bis-POM PMEA, with trade names Preveon and Hepsera, is an orally-administered acyclic nucleotide analog reverse transcriptase inhibitor (ntRTI) used for treatment of hepatitis B. It is ineffective against HIV-1. Adefovir dipivoxil is the diester prodrug of adefovir.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic hepatitis B in adults with evidence of active viral replication and either evidence of persistent elevations in serum aminotransferases (ALT or AST) or histologically active disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  WL-1002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  WL-1002 is developed by Winston Laboratories which is a topical cream formulation of 075% zucapaicin (also known as civamide), for the treatment of pain due to osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoarthritis and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Atecegatran metoxil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Atecegatran metoxil has been used in trials studying the basic science and prevention of Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, Persistent or Permanent Nonvalvular Atrial Fibrillation, and Persistent or Permanent Non-valvular Atrial Fibrillation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tolazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanisms of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary artery anomalies
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  CCX282
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CCX282, is a novel, orally active anti-inflammatory agent that targets a chemokine receptor protein implicated in both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, the two principal forms of IBD.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, inflammatory bowel disease, and ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  CMLVAX100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CMLVAX100 is a vaccine targeting the BCR-ABL-derived p210 fusion protein which reduces residual disease in some patients with chronic myeloid leukemia. It is developed by Breakthrough Therapeutics and has completed phase I of its clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Alanyl Glutamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alanyl Glutamine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00338221 (Clinical Trial of Alanyl-Glutamine or Glycine in Children With Persistent Diarrhea or Malnutrition).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tannic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tannic acid is a polyphenolic compound. It is a type of the commercially available tannins. It acts as a weak acid. Tannic acid is found in the nutgalls formed by insects on twigs of certain oak trees (Quercus infectoria and other Quercus species). It is removed and used as medicine. In the old days it was used as antidote against different poisons.Nowadays, tannic acid is applied topically for the treatment of cold sores, diaper rash, fever blisters and poison ivy. Tannic acid is also taken by mouth and applied directly for bleeding, chronic diarrhea, dysentery, bloody urine, painful joints, persistent coughs, and cancer.
4. Indication:  Tannic acid is indicated for cold sores, fever blisters, diaper rash, minor burn or sunburn and prickly heat.Vaginally, tannic acid is used as a douche for leukorrhea. It has been also indicated for sore throat, inflamed tonsils, spongy or receding gums, and acute dermatitis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Altretamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alkylating agent proposed as an antineoplastic. It also acts as a chemosterilant for male houseflies and other insects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as a single agent in the palliative treatment of patients with persistent or recurrent ovarian cancer following first-line therapy with a cisplatin and/or alkylating agent-based combination.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Erythrityl Tetranitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator with general properties similar to nitroglycerin. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1020)
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Eculizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Soliris is a formulation of eculizumab which is a recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG2/4;κ antibody produced by murine myeloma cell culture and purified by standard bioprocess technology. Eculizumab contains human constant regions from human IgG2 sequences and human IgG4 sequences and murine complementarity-determining regions grafted onto the human framework light- and heavy-chain variable regions. Eculizumab is composed of two 448 amino acid heavy chains and two 214 amino acid light chains and has a molecular weight of approximately 148 kDa.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH) to reduce hemolysis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Dupilumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dupilumab injection to treat adults with moderate-to-severe eczema (atopic dermatitis). Dupilumab is intended for patients whose eczema is not controlled adequately by topical therapies, or those for whom topical therapies are not advisable. Dupilumab can be used with or without topical corticosteroids. FDA approval on March 28, 2017.
4. Indication:  Dupilumab is a monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of atopic diseases such as eczema.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Zucapsaicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zucapsaicin, the cis-isomer of capsaicin, is a topical analgesic used to treat osteoarthritis of the knee and other neuropathic pain. It is a modulator of transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV-1), also known as the vanilloid or capsaicin receptor 1, that reduces pain and improves articular functions. Zucapsaicin has also been tested for treatment of a variety of conditions associated with ongoing nerve pain. This includes herpes simplex infections; cluster headaches and migraine; and knee osteoarthritis. It was approved by the Health Canada in 2010 as topical cream marketed under the brand name Zuacta but currently not FDA-approved.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used in conjunction with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs for the relief of severe pain in adult patients with osteoarthritis of the knee, not controlled with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs alone, for a duration of no more than three months. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Beta-D-Glucose
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A primary source of energy for living organisms. It is naturally occurring and is found in fruits and other parts of plants in its free state. It is used therapeutically in fluid and nutrient replacement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
