DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Venetoclax
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Venetoclax is an oral selective inhibitor of B-Cell Lymphoma-2 (BCL-2), an antiapoptotic protein that plays a key role in the development of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells. BCL-2 and its related proteins BCL-XL and MCL-1 bind to and sequester pro-apoptotic signals in the cell, causing a down-regulation of apoptosis. As an oncogene and an important regulator of apoptosis, BCL-2 overexpression therefore results in increased tumour cell survival and resistance to chemotherapy. Venetoclax helps restore the process of apoptosis by binding directly to the BCL-2 protein, displacing pro-apoptotic proteins like BIM, triggering mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization and the activation of caspases. Compared to navitoclax, a duel inhibitor of BCL-2 and BCL-XL, venetoclax use results in significantly less platelet killing and thrombocytopenia. This is due to its specificity for BCL-2 and sparing of BCL-XL, which is required for platelet survival. In 2015, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to venetoclax for patients with CLL who have relapsed or have been refractory to previous treatment and have the 17p deletion genetic mutation. It was approved by the FDA in April 2016.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion, as detected by an FDA approved test, who have received at least one prior therapy.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Prasterone sulfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DHEA sulfate is the major steroid of the fetal adrenal. DHEA-S is the principal adrenal androgen and is secreted together with cortisol under the control of ACTH and prolactin. DHEA-S is elevated with hyperprolactinemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nafamostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nafamostat is a synthetic serine protease inhibitor that is commonly formulated with hydrochloric acid due to its basic properties. It has been used in trials studying the prevention of Liver Transplantation and Postreperfusion Syndrome. The use of nafamostat in Asian countries is approved as an anticoagulant therapy for patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy due to acute kidney injury.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant in patients with disseminative blood vessel coagulation, hemorrhagic lesions, and hemorrhagic tendencies. It prevents blood clot formation during extracorporeal circulation in patients undergoing continuous renal replacement therapy and extra corporeal membrane oxygenation. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LJP 1082
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, strokes, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Calcipotriol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcipotriol (INN) or calcipotriene (USAN) is a sythetic derivative of calcitriol or Vitamin D.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate plaque psoriasis in adults.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Aminopterin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate. 
4. Indication:  Prior to its withdrawal, aminopterin was initially used in the treatment of childhood leukemia; specifically to induce remissions. Later, aminopterin was used off-label in the United States to treat psoriasis, yielding dramatic lesion clearing. Aminopterin was later supplanted by methotrexate for treating cancer because of its better therapeutic index. Aminopterin (as well as methotrexate) has also been explored for use as an abortifacient. However, their association with severe congenital malformations and teratogenic effects have become known as fetal aminopterin syndrome. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Vayarin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vayarin is a prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of certain lipid imbalances blamed to be associated with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in children. Vayarin contains Lipirinen, a proprietary composition containing phosphatidylserine-omega 3, EPA (eicosapentaenoic acid), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) [5, 13]. Vayarin is currently available only by prescription in the USA [7]. This drug has also been used for management of hypertriglyceridemia [8].Vayarin is an orally administered prescription medical food for the clinical dietary management of complex lipid imbalances thought to be associated with ADHD. Vayarin is a specially formulated and designed to address the distinct, previously determined lipid nutritional requirements of children with ADHD, the dietary management of which cannot be achieved with lifestyle modification [7].Vayarin is a novel therapy for ADHD that appears to be effective in several studies [6, 7, 8]. Approximately 60% of the users who completed 12 weeks of therapy reported subjective benefits from treatment. A slow response time of 12 weeks is an impediment to successful management of ADHD as only 41.6% of subjects prescribed Vayarin remained compliant for the duration of the study. Cost of the drug and patient aversion to the taste of Vayarin were significant reasons for therapy failure [7].
4. Indication:  ADHD in children, hypertriglyceridemia [7, 8].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Toloxatone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Toloxatone is an antidepressant launched in 1984 in France for the treatment of depression. It acts as a selective and reversible inhibitor of monoamine oxidase-A (MOA) [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of major depressive disorder. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ancrod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ancrod (current brand name: Viprinex) is a defibrinogenating agent derived from the venom of the Malayan pit viper. The defribrinogenation of blood results in an anticoagulant effect. Currently, Viprinex®/ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country, but is being investigated as a stroke treatment in worldwide clinical trials. In January 2005, the U.S. FDA granted a 'fast-track status' for investigation of ancrod use in patients suffering from acute ischemic stroke, a life threatening condition caused by the blockage of blood vessels supplying blood and oxygen to portions of the brain, for which phase III trials are currently being conducted.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of established deep vein thrombosis; central retinal and branch vein thrombosis; priapism; pulmonary hypertension of embolic origin; embolism after insertion of prosthetic cardiac valves; rethrombosis after thrombolytic therapy and rethrombosis after vascular surgery. It is also indicated for the prevention of deep venous thrombosis after repair of the fractured neck of a femur.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2a, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon a (human leukocyte protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with lysine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent. An oral form is being developed by Amarillo Biosciences.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, hairy cell leukemia, AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma, and chronic myelogenous leukemia. Also for the treatment of oral warts arising from HIV infection.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  WL-1002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  WL-1002 is developed by Winston Laboratories which is a topical cream formulation of 075% zucapaicin (also known as civamide), for the treatment of pain due to osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoarthritis and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Belinostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Belinostat is a novel agent that inhibits the enzyme histone deacetylase (HDAC) with a sulfonamide-hydroxamide structure. It was developed as an orphan drug to target hematological malignancies and solid tumors by TopoTarget. The safety and efficacy of belinostat is currently being evaluated for use in combination with traditional front-line therapies for the treatment of PTCL. Intravenous administration of the agent is available as Beleodaq as monotherapy and the dosing regimen involves a 21-day cycle. It was US-approved in July 2014 as a therapeutic agent for relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Belinostat is indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) with manageable safety profile. It is a potential alternative therapy for patients who did not experience adequate response to first-line drugs for PTCL. It can be used in patients with baseline thrombocytopenia [2]. 
