DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegvaliase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pegvaliase has been investigated for the treatment of Phenylketonuria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Alitretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important regulator of gene expression during growth and development, and in neoplasms. Tretinoin, also known as retinoic acid and derived from maternal vitamin A, is essential for normal growth; and embryonic development. An excess of tretinoin can be teratogenic. It is used in the treatment of psoriasis; acne vulgaris; and several other skin diseases. It has also been approved for use in promyelocytic leukemia (leukemia, promyelocytic, acute).
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of cutaneous lesions in patients with AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Calcipotriol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcipotriol (INN) or calcipotriene (USAN) is a sythetic derivative of calcitriol or Vitamin D.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate plaque psoriasis in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Triptorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Triptorelin is a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion. After chronic, continuous administration, this agent effects sustained decreases in LH and FSH production and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis. Serum testosterone concentrations may fall to levels typically observed in surgically castrated men.
4. Indication:  Triptorelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  L-Valine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A branched-chain essential amino acid that has stimulant activity. It promotes muscle growth and tissue repair. It is a precursor in the penicillin biosynthetic pathway. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Promotes mental vigor, muscle coordination, and calm emotions. May also be of use in a minority of patients with hepatic encephalopathy and in some with phenylketonuria.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  L-Phenylalanine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential aromatic amino acid that is a precursor of melanin; dopamine; noradrenalin (norepinephrine), and thyroxine.
4. Indication:  L-phenylalanine may be helpful in some with depression. It may also be useful in the treatment of vitiligo. There is some evidence that L-phenylalanine may exacerbate tardive dyskinesia in some schizophrenic patients and in some who have used neuroleptic drugs.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  L-Leucine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  An essential branched-chain amino acid important for hemoglobin formation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to assist in the prevention of the breakdown of muscle proteins that sometimes occur after trauma or severe stress.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Erythromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus). It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 50S ribosomal subunits; binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. Erythromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms in the following diseases: respiratory tract infections (upper and lower) of mild to moderate degree, pertussis (whooping cough), as adjunct to antitoxin in infections due to Corynebacterium diphtheriae, in the treatment of infections due to Corynebacterium minutissimum, intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica, acute pelvic inflammatory disease caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae, skin and soft tissue infections of mild to moderate severity caused by Streptococcus pyogenes and Staphylococcus aureus, primary syphilis caused by Treponema pallidum, infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis, nongonococcal urethritis caused by Ureaplasma urealyticum, and Legionnaires' disease caused by Legionella pneumophila.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Mifamurtide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Mifamurtide is an immunomodulator with antitumor activity via activation of macrophages and monocytes. Also called L-MTP-PE, mifamurtide may be a liposomal form of of the active ingredient MTP-PE, which is a synthetic, less pyrogenic, and longer-acting derivative of muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP is a motif present in all gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial walls that is recognized by different signalling molecules and activators such as nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptors (NLRs) and toll-like receptors present in macrophages and monocytes. The overall result of MDP recognition leads to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and promotion of bactericidal and tumoricidal effects [2]. As a liposomal formulation, mifamurtide demonstrates an enhanced tumoricidal effect and improved safety profile [2].Mifamurtide is marketed in Europe as Mepact for intravenous infusion. It is administered as an adjuvant therapy to postoperative combination chemotherapy in pediatric, adolescent or adult patients with high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection. In the US, it is currently under investigation that holds orphan drug status for the treatment of osteosarcoma [3].Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant bone tumor that usually arises in the metaphyses of long bone in children and adolescents [1]. The standard therapy for osteosarcoma is comprised of macroscopic surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy consisting of doxorubicin, cisplatin, high-dose methotrexate with leucovorin rescue, and ifosfamide [1]. While about 90% of patients with newly diagnosed osteosarcoma may achieve complete remission from first-line therapies, the prognosis is still poor for patients with non-metastatic osteosarcoma with lower 5-year event-free survival. In a large, randomized, open-label, multicenter, phase III trial, the treatment of mifamurtide in conjunction with three- or four-drug combination chemotherapy (doxorubicin, cisplatin, and high-dose methotrexate with, or without, ifosfamide) was associated with significant improvement in survival rates and good tolerance [3]. The adverse events (AEs) associated with mifamurtide were generally mild to moderate in severity [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated in children, adolescents and young adults for the treatment of high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection, typically in combination with post-operative multi-agent chemotherapy [5].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
