DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CAD106
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAD106 is an immunotherapeutic product in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It is designed to induce antibodies against the beta-amyloid-protein that inhibit the formation of plaques in the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PYM50028
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cogane (PYM50028/P58, p59, p63) is a novel non-peptide, orally bioavailable neurotrophic factor inducer that readily reverses free radical neurotoxicity produced by 1-ethyl-4- phenylpyridium (MPP+) in dopaminergic neurones and reverses the decrease of neuronal growth factors and dopamine receptors in the brain. Pre-clinical work with Cogane showed it to be neuroprotective against betya-amyloid and glutamate damage which contributes to Alzheimer's disease and reverses the changes in the area of the brain involved in Parkinson’s disease.P58 is a protein synthesis stimulant acts by restoring levels of proteins that are altered in the ageing brain, reversing the loss of nerve receptors in the ageing brain and potentially allowing for the regrowth of neural connections. P58 therefore provides a totally novel mode of action with potential importance for diseases associated with ageing of the brain. P58 is one of a family of phytochemicals (Cogane) isolated from traditional treatments for the elderly that have previously been shown to offer significant benefit in the treatment of senile dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease and other neurodegenerative diseases.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  LAX-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LAX-101 treats hungtington’s disease, not just the symptoms but the disease itself. The active molecule in LAX-101 is Eicosapentaenoic Acid (EPA). All molecules of EPA are identical. The molecules of EPA found in LAX-101 are identical to the molecules of EPA found in fish oil food supplements.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in depression and huntington's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  MEM 1414
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MEM 1414 is a PDE4 inhibitor that is being evaluated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease. This drug candidate has completed Phase 1 clinical trials. MEM 1414 works by blocking phosphodiesterase, an enzyme that breaks down an important brain chemical, cyclic AMP. It appears to work in the area of the brain where new memories are formed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, depression, memory loss, and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  VP025
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VP025, a novel drug formulation based on phospholipid microparticles incorporating phosphatidylglycerol, can inhibit neuroinflammation. VP025 may inhibit immune system activation and protect motoneurons from injury. It also shows the ability to reduce inflammation across the blood-brain barrier and improve correlates of memory and learning function. It is being developed to target the chronic inflammation within the central nervous system that is associated with a number of neurological diseases, including Alzheimer’s disease, Parkinson’s disease, and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (Lou Gehrig’s disease). It is considered to be a systemic anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  PPI-1019
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Apan (PPI-1019) is developed by Praecis Pharmaceuticals to treat Alzheimer's Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  CTS-21166
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTS-21166 is a small-molecule beta-secretase inhibitor, which is being developed as a disease-modifying treatment for Alzheimer's disease. CTS-21166 is the only BACE1 inhibitor that has passed Phase I clinical trial thus far. In 2008, CoMentis revealed this small compound as a transition-state analog inhibitor (structure is currently undisclosed) with excellent properties in brain penetration, selectivity, metabolic stability, and oral availability; all of these have met the requirements of an ideal oral drug candidate.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  NGX267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NGX267 is a muscarinic agonist. It is developed for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and has shown the potential to both reduce symptoms and slow disease progression. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  EVT-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, pain (acute or chronic), and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Florbetaben (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Florbetaben is a fluorine-18 (18F)-labeled stilbene derivative used for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain. It is indicated for the non-invasive detection of ß-amyloid neuritic plaque density in the brains of adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer’s disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive impairment. 
4. Indication:  Florbetaben is a radioactive diagnostic agent indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CERE-110
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CERE-110 is a gene-therapy product that involves in vivo delivery of nerve growth factor (NGF) genes through an adeno-associated viral vector (AAV) delivery system. This drug is developed by Ceregene and currently under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and gene therapy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  PRX-07034
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, obesity, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cycrimine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cycrimine is a drug used to reduce levels of acetylcholine to return a balance with dopamine in the treatment and management of Parkinson's disease. 
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  ACR-16
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR-16 is under investigation by NeuroSearch. ACR16 has been successfully investigated in a Phase II multi-centre, randomised and placebo-controlled trial in patients with Huntington’s disease as well as in three Phase Ib studies within Huntington’s disease, Parkinson’s disease and schizophrenia respectively. ACR-16 is a dopamine stabilizer. ACR-16 is also being studied in other psychiatric and neurologic diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in huntington's disease and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Flutemetamol (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flutemetamol (18F) is a PET scanning radiopharmaceutical containing the radionuclide fluorine-18. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline.
4. Indication:  Flutemetamol F18 is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  RTA 744
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RTA 744 is a novel anthracycline derivative that crosses the blood-brain barrier and shows significant potential for the treatment of primary and metastatic brain cancers. Anthracyclines are one of the most broadly used and effective classes of cancer therapies; however, they are not used to treat brain cancers because current therapies do not cross the blood-brain barrier.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Corticorelin acetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticorelin acetate has been investigated for the treatment of Brain Edema and Brain Tumor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  NLX-P101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NLX-P101, gene therapy is developed by Neurologix to treat Parkinson’s disease. The gene is glutamic acid decarboxylase (GAD), whose product synthesizes the major inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain, (gamma)-aminobutyric acid (GABA), and targets the subthalamic nucleus (STN), which is overactive in patients with Parkinson’s disease. NLX-P101 is being evaluated as a therapeutic drug when injected into this deep brain structure that is known to function abnormally in Parkinson’s patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  CX717
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  CX717 is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory.
4. Indication:  April 18 2007 Cortex Pharmaceuticals submitted two large data packages to the FDA regarding CX717. One data set went to the FDA's Division of Neurology Drug Products for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, while the other went to the Division of Psychiatry Products where the company intends to file a second CX717 IND for the treatment of ADHD. The submitted data package provides clear evidence that the specific histopathological changes seen in animal toxicology studies, which previously caused the FDA to put CX717 on clinical hold, is a postmortem fixation artifact and is not found in the tissue of the animal when it is still living.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
