DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fusarium graminearum
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sarracenia Purpurea
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Sarracenia purpurea, commonly known as the purple pitcher plant, northern pitcher plant, turtle socks, or side-saddle flower, is a carnivorous plant in the family Sarraceniaceae.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Vinblastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antitumor alkaloid isolated from Vinca rosea. (Merck, 11th ed.)
4. Indication:  For treatment of breast cancer, testicular cancer, lymphomas, neuroblastoma, Hodgkin's and non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, mycosis fungoides, histiocytosis, and Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Vincristine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vincristine is an antitumor vinca alkaloid isolated from Vinca Rosea. It is marketed under several brand names, many of which have different formulations such as Marqibo (liposomal injection) and Vincasar. Vincristine is indicated for the treatment of acute leukaemia, malignant lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, acute erythraemia, and acute panmyelosis. vincristine sulfate is often chosen as part of polychemotherapy because of lack of significant bone–marrow suppression (at recommended doses) and of unique clinical toxicity (neuropathy). 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute lymphocytic leukemia (ALL), Hodgkin lymphoma, non-Hodgkin lymphomas, Wilms' tumor, neuroblastoma, rhabdomyosarcoma. Liposomal vincristine is indicated for the treatment of relapsed Philadelphia chromosome-negative (Ph-) acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). 
