DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pralatrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pralatrexate is an antimetabolite for the treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. It is more efficiently retained in cancer cells than methotrexate. FDA approved on September 24, 2009.
4. Indication:  Treatment of relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Estriol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A hydroxylated metabolite of estradiol or estrone that has a hydroxyl group at C3-beta, 16-alpha, and 17-beta position. Estriol is a major urinary estrogen. During pregnancy, large amount of estriol is produced by the placenta. Isomers with inversion of the hydroxyl group or groups are called epiestriol. Though estriol is used as part of the primarily North American phenomenon of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy, it is not approved for use by the FDA or Health Canada. It is however available in the United States by prescription filled only by compounding pharmacies. It has also been approved and marketed throughout Europe and Asia for approximately 40 years for the treatment of post-menopausal hot flashes.
4. Indication:  Used as a test to determine the general health of an unborn fetus.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ethiodized oil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ethiodized oil is used by injection as a radio-opaque contrast agent. It is composed of iodine combined with ethyl esters of fatty acids of poppyseed oil, primarily as ethyl monoiodostearate and ethyl diiodostearate. The precise structure is not known.
4. Indication:  For use as a radio-opaque medium for hysterosalpingography and lymphography, and as an antineoplastic agent when part of the iodine is 131-I. It is also used in follow-up imaging for chemoembolization.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Alefacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Immunosuppressive dimeric fusion protein that consists of the extracellular CD2-binding portion of the human leukocyte function antigen-3 (LFA-3) linked to the Fc (hinge, CH2 and CH3 domains) portion of human IgG1. Produced by CHO cells, mW is 91.4 kD.
4. Indication:  As an immunosuppressive drug, Alefacept can be used for treatment of moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Oxamniquine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)
4. Indication:  For treatment of Schistosomiasis caused by Schistosoma mansoni
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Polythiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p826)
4. Indication:  Polythiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to decrease edema and decrease blood pressure.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Peginesatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginesatide is a synthetic peptide attached to polyethylene glycol for the treatment of anemia. The polyethylene glycol moiety helps make the drug less immunogenic and prolongs its plasma half-life. Chemically, peginesatide is designed to mimic the pharmacological activity of erythropoietin, but is not a replica of the structure itself. Peginesatide consists of two 21-amino acid chains that are covalently bonded by a linker derived from iminodiacetic acid and β-alanine. FDA approved March 27, 2012.
4. Indication:  Peginesatide is used for the treatment of anemia due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) in adult patients on dialysis 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  P113D
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  P113D is a novel 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide drug derived from histatins, which are compounds found naturally in human saliva. It is being pursued as a potential treatment for cystic fibrosis by Demegen, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of cystic fibrosis and bacterial infections.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Spironolactone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potassium sparing diuretic that acts by antagonism of aldosterone in the distal renal tubules. It is used mainly in the treatment of refractory edema in patients with congestive heart failure, nephrotic syndrome, or hepatic cirrhosis. Its effects on the endocrine system are utilized in the treatments of hirsutism and acne but they can lead to adverse effects. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p827)
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat low-renin hypertension, hypokalemia, and Conn's syndrome.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Arbutamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Arbutamine, administered through a closed-loop, computer-controlled drug-delivery system, is indicated to elicit acute cardiovascular responses, similar to those produced by exercise, in order to aid in diagnosing the presence or absence of coronary artery disease in patients who cannot exercise adequately .
4. Indication:  Used to elicit acute cardiovascular responses (cardiac stumulant), similar to those produced by exercise, in order to aid in diagnosing the presence or absence of coronary artery disease (CAD) in patients who cannot exercise adequately.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Choline C-11
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline C 11 Injection is a radioactive diagnostic agent for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of pat ients with suspected prostate cancer recurrence and non-informative bone scintigraphy, computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging.
4. Indication:  Choline C 11 Injection is indicated for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of patients with suspected prostate cancer recurrence and non-informative bone scintigraphy, computerized tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). In these patients, 11 C-choline PET imaging may help identify potential sites of prostate cancer recurrence for subsequent histologic confirmation. Suspected prostate recurrence is based upon elevated blood prostate specific antigen (PSA) levels following initial therapy. In clinical studies, imag es w ere produced with PET/CT coregistration. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m medronate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium (99mTc) medronic acid is a pharmaceutical product used in nuclear medicine imaging. It is composed of a technetium ion complexed with medronic acid, a type of bisphosphonate. Like other bisphosphonates used in the treatment of osteoporosis, medronic acid binds to the hydroxyapatite crystals within bone, and in this way localizes the drug to bone for delineation of areas of altered osteogenesis. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc 99m Medronate is indicated for use as a bone imaging agent to delineate areas of altered osteogenesis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sodium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sodium Sulfate Anhydrous is the anhydrous, sodium salt form of sulfuric acid. Sodium sulfate anhydrous disassociates in water to provide sodium ions and sulfate ions. Sodium ion is the principal cation of the extracellular fluid and plays a large part in the therapy of fluid and electrolyte disturbances. Sodium sulfate anhydrous is an electrolyte replenisher and is used in isosmotic solutions so that administration does not disturb normal electrolyte balance and does not lead to absorption or excretion of water and ions.
4. Indication:  indicated for bowel cleansing prior to colonoscopy or barium enema X-ray examination.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Penciclovir
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Penciclovir is a guanine analogue antiviral drug used for the treatment of various herpesvirus infections. It is a nucleoside analogue which exhibits low toxicity and good selectivity. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to treat recurrent cold sores on the lips and face from various herpesvirus invections.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cefadroxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Long-acting, broad-spectrum, water-soluble, cephalexin derivative.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (skin, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staphylococci and Streptococcus pyogenes
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Iobenguane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic guanethidine derivative that locates phaeochromocytomas and neuroblastomas. The radioisotope used can either be iodine-123 for imaging or iodine-131 for destruction of tissues that metabolize noradrenaline. Iodine 123 is a cyclotron-produced radionuclide that decays to Te 123 by electron capture. Images are produced by a I123 MIBG scintigraphy. FDA approved on September 19, 2008.
4. Indication:  Detection of primary and metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Strontium chloride Sr-89
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (Sr-89), initially FDA-approved in 1993, is used as a paliative therapeutic option to help relieve the pain from bone metastases. Strontium chloride is mainly used in cases of metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer.[9] Bone metastases is a common and severe complication presented in advanced stages of the disease. It is usually presented mainly in patients with prostatic and breast cancer, as well as in cancer of lung, bladder and thyroid. There has been some cases of apparent tumor regression which has given it a potential tumoricidal effect.[8]
4. Indication:  Strontium-89 Chloride Injection is indicated as a paliative for the relief of bone pain in patients with skeletal metastases. It is impotant to confirm the presence of bone metastases prior the beginning of therapy.[9]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Progesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The major progestational steroid that is secreted primarily by the corpus luteum and the placenta. Progesterone acts on the uterus, the mammary glands, and the brain. It is required in embryo implantation, pregnancy maintenance, and the development of mammary tissue for milk production. Progesterone, converted from pregnenolone, also serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of gonadal steroid hormones and adrenal corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Adenosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside that is composed of adenine and d-ribose. Adenosine or adenosine derivatives play many important biological roles in addition to being components of DNA and RNA. Adenosine itself is a neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Used as an initial treatment for the termination of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PVST), including that associated with accessory bypass tracts, and is a drug of choice for terminating stable, narrow-complex supraventricular tachycardias (SVT). Also used as an adjunct to thallous chloride TI 201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy (thallium stress test) in patients who are unable to exercise adequately, as well as an adjunct to vagal maneuvers and clinical assessment to establish a specific diagnosis of undefined, stable, narrow-complex SVT.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Methamphetamine is a psychostimulant and sympathomimetic drug. It is a member of the amphetamine group of sympathomimetic amines. Methamphetamine can induce effects such as euphoria, increased alertness and energy, and enhanced self-esteem. It is a scheduled drug in most countries due to its high potential for addiction and abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADHD) and exogenous obesity.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin is a drug used in nuclear myocardial perfusion imaging. The radioisotope, technetium-99m, is chelated by two 1,2-bis[di-(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino]ethane ligands which belong to the group of diphosphines and which are referred to as tetrofosmin. It is a lipophilic technetium phosphine dioxo cation that was formulated into a freeze-dried kit which yields an injection.[1] Technetium Tc-99m tetrofosmin was developed by GE Healthcare and FDA approved on February 9, 1996.
4. Indication:  Technetium-99m tetrofosmin is indicated for the diagnosis of heart abnormalities by exercise myocardial scintigraphy. The exercise myocardial scintigraphy is an established method for the diagnosis of the severity of coronary artery disease.[1] This method allows distinguishing regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in the presence or absence of infarcted myocardium following rest and stress conditions.[4] The use of technetium-99m tetrofosmin is mainly used to assess myocardial perfusion in ischemia and infarction.[3]
