DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Xenon-133
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Xenon-133 is an isotope of xenon. It is a radionuclide that is inhaled to assess pulmonary function, and to image the lungs. It is also used to image blood flow, particularly in the brain.
4. Indication:  Inhalation of Xenon Xe 133 Gas has proved valuable for the evaluation of pulmonary function and for imaging the lungs. It may also be applied to assessment of cerebral flow. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ambrisentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambrisentan is an orally active selective type A endothelin receptor antagonist indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension. It is approved in Europe, Canada and the United States for use as a single agent to improve exercise ability and delay clinical worsening. In addition, it is approved in the United States for use in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression, hospitalization and to improve exercise ability. Studies establishing the efficacy of Ambrisentan included patients with both idiopathic or heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension and those with pulmonary arterial hypertension associated with connective tissue diseases. Patients studied displayed symptoms and etiologies predominantly of WHO Functional Class II-III. As an endothelin receptor antagonist, Ambrisentan prevents endogenous endothelin peptide from constricting the muscles in blood vessels, allowing them to relax and permit a reduction in blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Ambrisentan is indicated for treatment of idiopathic (‘primary’) pulmonary arterial hypertension (IPAH) and pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) associated with connective tissue disease in patients with WHO functional class II or III symptoms. In the United States of America, ambrisentan is also indicated in combination with tadalafil to reduce the risks of disease progression and hospitalization for worsening PAH, and to improve exercise ability.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lebrikizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lebrikizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Asthma, Atopic Dermatitis, Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis, and COPD, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Carmustine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cell-cycle phase nonspecific alkylating antineoplastic agent. It is used in the treatment of brain tumors and various other malignant neoplasms. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p462) This substance may reasonably be anticipated to be a carcinogen according to the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of brain tumors, multiple myeloma, Hodgkin's disease and Non-Hodgkin's lymphomas.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lumacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lumacaftor is a drug used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 6 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, a transmembrane ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes of the lungs, pancreas, and other organs. Mutations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the CFTR protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes [3, 4]. As a result, CF patients produce a thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition [5]. Lumacaftor improves CF symptoms and underlying disease pathology by aiding the conformational stability of F508del-mutated CFTR proteins, preventing misfolding and resulting in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms [FDA Label]. This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi [8]. Improvements in lung function (ppFEV1) were found to be statistically significant, but minimal, with only a 2.6-3.0% change from baseline with more than 70% of patients failing to achieve an absolute improvement of at least 5% [8, 9].A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR, or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes [6]. When used in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is specific for the management of CF in patients with delta-F508 mutations as it acts as a protein-folding chaperone, aiding the conformational stability of the mutated CFTR protein. Consequently, lumacaftor increases successful production of CFTR ion channels and the total number of receptors available for use at the cell membrane for fluid and ion transport [2]. The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide, is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered [7]. Treatment of patients with G551D and other rarer missense mutations is usually managed with Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), as it aids with altered gating mechanisms by potentiating channel opening probability of CFTR protein.Prior to the development of lumacaftor and Ivacaftor (Kalydeco), management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process. Approved for use by the Food and Drug Administration in July 2015 and by Health Canada in January 2016, Orkambi was the first combination product approved for the management of Cystic Fibrosis with delta-F508 mutations.Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  When given in combination with Ivacaftor as the fixed dose combination product Orkambi, lumacaftor is indicated for the treatment of cystic fibrosis (CF) in patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Reviparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reviparin is a low molecular weight heparin which seems to have a better safety profile than unfractionated heparin.[1] It is prepared from porcine intestinal mucosa by nitrous acid depolymerization. Reviparin has a molecular weight of 3.9 kDa.[2] It was developed by Abbott laboratories and in 2009, reviparin presented an orphan drug designation by the FDA.[3]
4. Indication:  By the FDA, reviparin is indicated for the treatment of deep vein which may lead to pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients. It is also indicated for the long-term treatment of acute deep vein thrombosis with or without pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients.[3]
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Voriconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Voriconazole (Vfend®, Pfizer) is a triazole antifungal medication used to treat serious fungal infections. It is used to treat invasive fungal infections that are generally seen in patients who are immunocompromised. These include invasive candidiasis, invasive aspergillosis, and emerging fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of esophageal candidiasis, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis, and serious fungal infections caused by Scedosporium apiospermum and Fusarium spp.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Delamanid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Delamanid is an anti-tuberculosis agent derived from the nitro-dihydro-imidazooxazole class of compounds that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis of bacterial cell wall [1]. It is used in the treatment of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB) in a combination regimen. Emergence of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis creates clinical challenges for patients, as the disease is associated with a higher mortality rate and insufficient therapeutic response to standardized antituberculosis treatments as Isoniazid and Rifampicin. Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis may also require more than 2 years of chemotherapy and second-line therapies with narrow therapeutic index [4]. In a clinical study involving patients with pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis or extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, treatment of delamanid in combination with WHO-recommended optimised background treatment regimen was associated with improved treatment outcomes and reduced mortality rate [1]. Spontaneous resistance to delamanid was observed during treatment, where mutation in one of the 5 F420 coenzymes responsible for bioactivation of delamanid contributes to this effect [6]. Delamanid is approved by the EMA and is marketed under the trade name Deltyba as oral tablets. It is marketed by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Tokyo, Japan).
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as part of an appropriate combination regimen for pulmonary multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) in adult patients when an effective treatment regimen cannot otherwise be composed for reasons of resistance or tolerability [6].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Omega-3 fatty acids
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Omega-3 fatty acids are polyunsaturated fatty acids (PUFAs) with a double bond at the third carbon atom from the end of the carbon chain. The three types of omega-3 fatty acids involved in human physiology are α-linolenic acid (ALA) (found in plant oils), eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) (both commonly found in fish oil that originally come from microalgae that is further consumed by phytoplankton, a source of diet for fish). Omega-3 fatty acids play a critical role in metabolism and cellular function and they are available as daily supplements. On September 8, 2004, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration gave "qualified health claim" status to EPA and DHA omega-3 fatty acids. Therapeutic products containing omega-3 fatty acid and its derivatives for treatment of hypertriglyceridemia include Lovaza, Omtryg, Epanova, and Vascepa.
4. Indication:  Provided as daily supplements. Aa preparation of omega-3-acid ethyl esters is licensed in UK for prevention of recurrent events after myocardial infarction in addition to treatment of hypertriglyceridaemia. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Demeclocycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog having a 7-chloro and a 6-methyl. Because it is excreted more slowly than tetracycline, it maintains effective blood levels for longer periods of time. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used primarily to treat Lyme disease, acne, and bronchitis. Also indicated (but rarely used) to treat urinary tract infections, gum disease, malaria, and other bacterial infections such as gonorrhea and chlamydia. One of its other registered uses is the treatment of hyponatremia (low blood sodium concentration) due to the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone (SIADH) where fluid restriction alone has been ineffective. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Arformoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Arformoterol is a bronchodilator. It works by relaxing muscles in the airways to improve breathing. Arformoterol inhalation is used to prevent bronchoconstriction in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. The use of arformoterol is pending revision due to safety concerns in regards to an increased risk of severe exacerbation of asthma symptoms, leading to hospitalization as well as death in some patients using long acting beta agonists for the treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  A bronchodilator used for the long term, symptomatic treatment of reversible bronchoconstriction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Macitentan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age. 
4. Indication:  Macitentan is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ivacaftor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivacaftor (also known as Kalydeco or VX-770) is a drug used for the management of Cystic Fibrosis (CF) in patients aged 2 years and older. Cystic Fibrosis is an autosomal recessive disorder caused by one of several different mutations in the gene for the Cystic Fibrosis Transmembrane Conductance Regulator (CFTR) protein, an ion channel involved in the transport of chloride and sodium ions across cell membranes. CFTR is active in epithelial cells of organs such as of the lungs, pancreas, liver, digestive system, and reproductive tract. Alterations in the CFTR gene result in altered production, misfolding, or function of the protein and consequently abnormal fluid and ion transport across cell membranes [5, 6]. As a result, CF patients produce a thick, sticky mucus that clogs the ducts of organs where it is produced making patients more susceptible to complications such as infections, lung damage, pancreatic insufficiency, and malnutrition [8]. Use of Ivacaftor has been shown to both improve CF symptoms and modulate underlying disease pathology. This is achieved by potentiating the channel opening probability (or gating) of CFTR protein in patients with impaired gating mechanisms. This is in contrast to Lumacaftor, another CF medication, that functions by preventing misfolding of the CFTR protein and thereby results in increased processing and trafficking of mature protein to the cell surface. Results from clinical trials indicated that treatment with ivacaftor results in improved lung function, reduced chance of experiencing a pulmonary exacerbation, increased weight gain, and improvements in CF symptoms [FDA Label]. This data has been heavily scrutinized, however, with clinical trials showing only modest improvements despite a hefty yearly cost of $259,000 for Orkambi (lumacaftor/ivacaftor) [11].A wide variety of CFTR mutations correlate to the Cystic Fibrosis phenotype and are associated with differing levels of disease severity. The most common mutation, affecting approximately 70% of patients with CF worldwide, is known as F508del-CFTR or delta-F508 (ΔF508), in which a deletion in the amino acid phenylalanine at position 508 results in impaired production of the CFTR protein, thereby causing a significant reduction in the amount of ion transporter present on cell membranes [7]. Ivacaftor as monotherapy has failed to show a benefit for patients with delta-F508 mutations, most likely due to insufficient amount of protein available at the cell membrane for interaction and potentiation by the drug[10]. The next most common mutation, G551D, affecting 4-5% of CF patients worldwide is characterized as a missense mutation, whereby there is sufficient amount of protein at the cell surface, but opening and closing mechanisms of the channel are altered [9]. Ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF in patients with this second type of mutation, as it binds to and potentiates the channel opening ability of CFTR proteins on the cell membrane [9].Although ivacaftor has not shown any significant improvements in patients with the delta-F508 mutation, it has shown significant improvements (>10% increase in FEV1 from baseline) in lung function for the following mutations: E56K, P67L, R74W, D110E, D110H, R117C, R117H, G178R, E193K, L206W, R347H, R352Q, A455E, S549N, S549R, G551D, G551S, D579G, S945L, S977F, F1052V, K1060T, A1067T, G1069R, R1070Q, R1070W, F1074L, D1152H, G1244E, S1251N, S1255P, D1270N, and G1349D [FDA Label]. This list was expanded by the FDA in May 2017 from 10 to 33 to accomodate more rare mutations [12]. When used as monotherapy as the product Kalydeco, ivacaftor is indicated for the managmenet of CF in patients age 2 years and older who have a mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ivacaftor potentiation (see above list of susceptible mutations). When used in combination with the drug Lumacaftor as the product Orkambi, ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene.Prior to the development of ivacaftor, management of CF primarily involved therapies for the control of infections, nutritional support, clearance of mucus, and management of symptoms rather than improvements in the underlying disease process or lung function (FEV1). Notably, ivacaftor was the first medication approved for the management of the underlying causes of CF (abnormalities in CFTR protein function) rather than control of symptoms [4].Ivacaftor is manufactured and distributed by Vertex Pharmaceuticals. It was approved by the Food and Drug Administration on January 31, 2012 and by Health Canada on November 26, 2012.
4. Indication:  When used as monotherapy as the product Kalydeco, ivacaftor is indicated for the managmenet of CF in patients age 2 years and older who have a mutation in the CFTR gene that is responsive to ivacaftor potentiation. Ivacaftor received expanded approval in May 2017 for the following 33 CFTR mutations: E56K, P67L, R74W, D110E, D110H, R117C, R117H, G178R, E193K, L206W, R347H, R352Q, A455E, S549N, S549R, G551D, G551S, D579G, S945L, S977F, F1052V, K1060T, A1067T, G1069R, R1070Q, R1070W, F1074L, D1152H, G1244E, S1251N, S1255P, D1270N, and G1349D [12].When used in combination with the drug Lumacaftor as the product Orkambi, ivacaftor is indicated for the management of CF patients age 6 years and older who are homozygous for the F508del mutation in the CFTR gene.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluticasone furoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. Despite the similarity in the names, fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate are different drugs with different properties. It is marketed under the brand name, Veramyst in the US by GlaxoSmithKline for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). FDA approved on April 27, 2007. Fluticasone furoate is available as a combination product with vilanterol, a long-acting beta-2 agonist, under the tradename Breo Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, its use is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease. Breo Ellipta should not be used for the relief of acute symptoms of asthma or COPD.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Formoterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Formoterol is a long-acting (12 hours) beta2-agonist used in the management of asthma and/or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Inhaled formoterol works like other beta2-agonists, causing bronchodilatation through relaxation of the smooth muscle in the airway so as to treat the exacerbation of asthma.
4. Indication:  For use as long-term maintenance treatment of asthma in patients 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airways disease, including patients with symptoms of nocturnal asthma, who are using optimal corticosteroid treatment and experiencing regular or frequent breakthrough symptoms requiring use of a short-acting bronchodilator. Not indicated for asthma that can be successfully managed with occasional use of an inhaled, short-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist. Also used for the prevention of exercise-induced bronchospasm, as well as long-term treatment of bronchospasm associated with COPD.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ADC4022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Bosentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bosentan is a dual endothelin receptor antagonist important in the treatment of pulmonary artery hypertension (PAH). It is licensed in the United States, the European Union and other countries by Actelion Pharmaceuticals for the management of PAH under the trade name Tracleer®. Bosentan is used to treat pulmonary hypertension by blocking the action of endothelin molecules that would otherwise promote narrowing of the blood vessels and lead to high blood pressure.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), to improve exercise ability and to decrease the rate of clinical worsening (in patients with WHO Class III or IV symptoms).
