DrugId:  1
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Iclaprim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, skin infections/disorders, obesity, liver disease, kidney disease, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Lanopepden
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanopepden has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pneumonia, Infections, Bacterial, Skin Diseases, Infectious, and Skin Infections, Bacterial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Telavancin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telavancin is a semi-synthetic derivative of vanocymycin that has bactericidal activity against Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) and other gram-positive bacteria. MRSA is an important pathogen capable of causing hospital-acquired pneumonia (HAP), ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP), and skin and subcutaneous tissue infections among others.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of complicated skin and skin structure infections (cSSSI) caused by gram-positive bacteria like methicillin-susceptible or -resistant Staphylococcus aureus, vancomycin-susceptible Enterococcus faecalis, and Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, or Streptococcus anginosus group. Also for the treatment of adult patients with hospital-acquired bacterial pneumonia (HAP) and ventilator-associated bacterial pneumonia (VAP), known or suspected to be caused by susceptible isolates of Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant S. aureus).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Peach
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal pneumonia due to susceptible strains and group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infections of the upper respiratory tract.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Nemonoxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection and pneumonia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dirithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dirithromycin is a macrolide glycopeptide antibiotic. It is used to treat many different types of bacterial infections, such as bronchitis, pneumonia, tonsillitis, and even skin infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following mild-to-moderate infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms: acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, secondary bacterial infection of acute bronchitis, community-acquired pneumonia, pharyngitis/tonsilitis, and uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Gemifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gemifloxacin is an oral broad-spectrum quinolone antibacterial agent used in the treatment of acute bacterial exacerbation of chronic bronchitis and mild-to-moderate pneumonia. Gemifloxacin acts by inhibiting DNA synthesis through the inhibition of both DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV, which are essential for bacterial growth.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection caused by susceptible strains such as S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, H. parainfluenzae, or M. catarrhalis, S. pneumoniae (including multi-drug resistant strains [MDRSP]), M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, or K. pneumoniae.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  KB001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB001 is a Humaneered™ PEGylated monoclonal antibody fragment for the treatment of life-threatening Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, a common problem of cystic fibrosis and mechanically ventilated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Omadacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cethromycin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cethromycin, trade name Restanza (initially known as ABT-773) is a ketolide antibiotic undergoing research for the treatment of community acquired pneumonia (CAP) and for the prevention of post-exposure inhalational anthrax, and was given an "orphan drug" status for this indication. Originally discovered and developed by Abbott, it was acquired by Advanced Life Sciences Inc. for further development. In June 2009,an FDA Anti-Infective Drugs Advisory Committee review found insufficient evidence for cethromycin efficacy in treatment of community acquired pneumonia, as the Phase 3 clinical trial followed standards that were updated after the clinical trial but three months prior to review. The committee did, however, find the drug safe to use.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection, pediatric indications, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Doripenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doripenem is a broad-spectrum, carbapenem antibiotic marketed under the brand name Doribax by Janssen. Doripenem injection was approved by the FDA in 2007 to treat complicated urinary tract and intra-abdominal infections. In a clinical trial of doripenem treatment in ventilator associated pneumonia (vs. imipenem and cilastatin), it was found that doripenem carried an increased risk of death and lower clinical cure rates, resulting in a premature termination of the trial. The FDA revised the doripenem label in 2014 to include a warning against use in ventilator-associated pneumonia and to reiterate its safety and efficacy for its approved indications. 
4. Indication:  Doripenem is indicated in the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections and complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis, caused by designated susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tifacogin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sepsis and septicemia and pneumonia.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sultamicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sultamicillin has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Ventilator Associated Pneumonia and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gatifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. Bristol-Myers Squibb introduced Gatifloxacin in 1999 under the proprietary name Tequin® for the treatment of respiratory tract infections, having licensed the medication from Kyorin Pharmaceutical Company of Japan. Allergan produces an eye-drop formulation called Zymar®. Gatifloxacin is available as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, and skin infections (abscesses, wounds) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, S. aureus, M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, S. pyogenes
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Levofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial conjunctivitis caused by susceptible strains of the following organisms: Corynebacterium species, Staphylococus aureus, Staphylococcus epidermidis, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Streptococcus (Groups C/F/G), Viridans group streptococci, Acinetobacter lwoffii, Haemophilus influenzae, Serratia marcescens.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Telithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Telithromycin, a semi-synthetic erythromycin derivative, belongs to a new chemical class of antibiotics called ketolides. Ketolides have been recently added to the macrolide-lincosamide-streptogramin class of antibiotics. Similar to the macrolide antibiotics, telithromycin prevents bacterial growth by interfering with bacterial protein synthesis. Telithromycin binds to the 50S subunit of the 70S bacterial ribosome and blocks further peptide elongation. Binding occurs simultaneously at to two domains of 23S RNA of the 50S ribosomal subunit, domain II and V, where older macrolides bind only to one. It is used to treat mild to moderate respiratory infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal infection, acute sinusitis, acute bacterial tonsillitis, acute bronchitis and bronchiolitis, lower respiratory tract infection and lobar (pneumococcal) pneumonia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cefaclor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibiotic derivative of cephalexin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of certain infections caused by bacteria such as pneumonia and ear, lung, skin, throat, and urinary tract infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pivampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pivalate ester analog of ampicillin.
4. Indication:  or the treatment of respiratory tract infections (including acute bronchitis, acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis and pneumonia); ear, nose and throat infections; gynecological infections; urinary tract infections (including acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis) when caused by non penicillinase-producing susceptible strains of the following organisms: gram-positive organisms, e.g., streptococci, pneumococci and staphylococci; gram-negative organisms, e.g., H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Trimetrexate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nonclassical folic acid inhibitor through its inhibition of the enzyme dihydrofolate reductase. It is being tested for efficacy as an antineoplastic agent and as an antiparasitic agent against pneumocystis pneumonia in AIDS patients. Myelosuppression is its dose-limiting toxic effect.
4. Indication:  For use, with concurrent leucovorin administration (leucovorin protection), as an alternative therapy for the treatment of moderate-to-severe Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP) in immunocompromised patients, including patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used to treat several types of cancer including colon cancer.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ceftobiprole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ceftobiprole is an experimental cephalosporin antibiotic with activity against methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus. It was discovered by Basilea Pharmaceutica and is being developed by Johnson & Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development. Ceftobiprole is the first cephalosporin to demonstrate clinical efficacy in patients with infections due to methicillin-resistant staphylococci and, if approved by regulatory authorities, is expected to be a useful addition to the armamentarium of agents for the treatment of complicated skin infections and pneumonia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of serious bacterial infections in hospitalised patients.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Delafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Delafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Gonorrhea, Hepatic Impairment, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Skin Structure Infections, and Community Acquired Pneumonia, among others. It was approved in June 2017 under the trade name Baxdela for use in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections.
4. Indication:  Delafloxacin is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by the Gram-positive organisms Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible isolates), Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), Streptococcus pyogenes, and Enterococcus faecalis as well as the Gram-negative organisms Escherichia coli, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa [FDA Label].
