DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Poliovirus type 1 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Poliovirus type 1 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 1 (Mahoney) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 1. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 1 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Poliovirus type 2 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poliovirus type 2 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 2 (MEF-1) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 2. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 2 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Poliovirus type 3 antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poliovirus type 3 antigen is a suspension of poliovirus Type 3 (Saukett) used in the active immunization of infants (as young as 6 weeks of age), children, and adults for the prevention of poliomyelitis caused by poliovirus Type 3. The vaccine contains purified and inactivated poliovirus type 3 that were grown from a continuous line of monkey kidney cells.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
