DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dichloroisoproterenol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dichloroisoproterenol has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Insulin Resistance and Polycystic Ovary Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Laronidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Metformin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metformin is a biguanide antihyperglycemic agent used for treating non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It improves glycemic control by decreasing hepatic glucose production, decreasing glucose absorption and increasing insulin-mediated glucose uptake. Metformin may induce weight loss and is the drug of choice for obese NIDDM patients. Use of metformin is associated with modest weight loss. When used alone, metformin does not cause hypoglycemia; however, it may potentiate the hypoglycemic effects of sulfonylureas and insulin. Its main side effects are dyspepsia, nausea and diarrhea. Dose titration and/or use of smaller divided doses may decrease side effects. Metformin should be avoided in those with severely compromised renal function (creatinine clearance < 30 ml/min), acute/decompensated heart failure, severe liver disease and for 48 hours after the use of iodinated contrast dyes due to the risk of lactic acidosis. Lower doses should be used in the elderly and those with decreased renal function. Metformin decreases fasting plasma glucose, postprandial blood glucose and glycosolated hemoglobin (HbA1c) levels, which are reflective of the last 8-10 weeks of glucose control. Metformin may also have a positive effect on lipid levels. In 2012, a combination tablet of linagliptin plus metformin hydrochloride was marketed under the name Jentadueto for use in patients when treatment with both linagliptin and metformin is appropriate.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to diet and exercise in adult patients (18 years and older) with NIDDM. May also be used for the management of metabolic and reproductive abnormalities associated with polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS). Jentadueto is for the treatment of patients when both linagliptin and metformin is appropriate.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Emodin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emodin has been investigated for the treatment of Polycystic Kidney.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cyclophosphamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Precursor of an alkylating nitrogen mustard antineoplastic and immunosuppressive agent that must be activated in the liver to form the active aldophosphamide. It has been used in the treatment of lymphoma and leukemia. Its side effect, alopecia, has been used for defleecing sheep. Cyclophosphamide may also cause sterility, birth defects, mutations, and cancer. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Cyclophosphamide is indicated for the treatment of malignant lymphomas, multiple myeloma, leukemias, mycosis fungoides (advanced disease), neuroblastoma (disseminated disease), adenocarcinoma of the ovary, retinoblastoma, and carcinoma of the breast. It is also indicated for the treatment of biopsy-proven minimal change nephrotic syndrome in pediatric patients. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  LY2181308
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LY2181308 is investigated in clinical trials for treating solid tumors. LY2181308 is a solid. LY2181308 is directed against a molecular target called survivin. LY2181308 is known to target baculoviral IAP repeat-containing protein 5. LY2181308 is an anti-sense oligonucleotide that potently downregulated survivin expression in human cancer cells derived from lung, colon, breast, prostate, ovary, cervix, skin and brain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ficlatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ficlatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Mullerian Mixed Tumor of Ovary, Relapsed Acute Myeloid Leukemia, and Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m nofetumomab merpentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m nofetumomab merpentan (Tc-99m nm) consists of a Fab fragment of an IgG2b of the pancarcinoma murine antibody NR-LU-10.[1] The NR-LU-10 antibody is directed against a 40 kDa glycoprotein antigen expressed in a variety of cancers and some normal tissues.[FDA Label] Tc-99m nm was developed by Boehringer Ingelheim Pharma KG and FDA approved on September 14, 1992. It was after discontinued on August 13, 2013, but in the 2018 FDA submission list, it can be found as a substance type II (Drug substance) with an active status.[8, 9]
4. Indication:  Tc-99m nm is one of the technetium-labeled antibodies and it is indicated for the detection of small-cell lung cancer.[3] The small cell lung cancer is a syndrome characterized by the abnormal and uncontrolled cell growth and it is characterized by a shorter doubling time, higher growth fraction and earlier development of metastases.[4]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Imidapril
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Imidapril has been investigated for the treatment of Kidney, Polycystic, Autosomal Dominant.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Androstenedione
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A delta-4 C19 steroid that is produced not only in the testis, but also in the ovary and the adrenal cortex. Depending on the tissue type, androstenedione can serve as a precursor to testosterone as well as estrone and estradiol.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  GTI-2501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2501 is a novel antisense drug which has shown a favorable safety profile in preclinical studies, and in a phase I clinical trial. The drug is in a phase II clinical trial in combination with docetaxel for the treatment of hormone refractory prostate cancer. Initial testing has demonstrated strong antitumor activity in preclinical studies in prostate cancer and a variety of other tumor types.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in prostate cancer and solid tumors.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Interferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human interferon beta (166 residues), glycosylated, MW=22.5kD. It is produced by mammalian cells (Chinese Hamster Ovary cells) into which the human interferon beta gene has been introduced. The amino acid sequence is identical to that of natural human interferon beta.
4. Indication:  For treatment of relapsing/remitting multiple sclerosis, also for condyloma acuminatum
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Omalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant DNA-derived humanized IgG1k monoclonal antibody that selectively binds to human immunoglobulin E (IgE). Xolair is produced by a Chinese hamster ovary cell suspension culture in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For treatment of asthma caused by allergies
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hyaluronidase (Human Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A purified preparation of the enzyme recombinant human hyaluronidase. Hyaluronidase (Human Recombinant) is produced by genetically engineered Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cells containing a DNA plasmid encoding for a soluble fragment of human hyaluronidase (PH20). The purified hyaluronidase glycoprotein contains 447 amino acids with an approximate molecular weight of 61,000 Daltons.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an adjuvant to increase the absorption and dispersion of other injected drugs; for hypodermoclysis; and as an adjunct in subcutaneous urography for improving resorption of radiopaque agents.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Gedatolisib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gedatolisib has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Neoplasm, Ovary Cancer, Breast Cancer, Advanced Cancer, and Endometrial Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bevacizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant humanized monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF). Bevacizumab contains human framework regions and the complementarity-determining regions of a murine antibody that binds to VEGF. Bevacizumab is produced in a Chinese Hamster Ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin and has a molecular weight of approximately 149 kilodaltons.
4. Indication:  As part of combination therapy for metastatic colorectal cancer and HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Efalizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody that binds to human CD11a. Efalizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 150 kilodaltons and is produced in a Chinese hamster ovary mammalian cell expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic gentamicin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe chronic plaque psoriasis, who are candidates for phototherapy or systemic therapy.
