DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Momelotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Momelotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Polycythemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis, Post-Polycythemia Vera, Essential Thrombocythemia, and Primary Myelofibrosis (PMF), among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  XL019
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL019 is a selective inhibitor of the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase JAK2. An IND for XL019 was filed by Exelixis in May 2007.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  NS-018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NS-018 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Primary Myelofibrosis, Post-Polycythemia Vera Myelofibrosis, and Post-Essential Thrombocythemia Myelofibrosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Givinostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Givinostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Polycythemia Vera, Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis, Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD), Chronic Myeloproliferative Neoplasms, and Polyarticular Course Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pipobroman
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent that acts by alkylation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of polycythaemia vera and refractory chronic myeloid leukaemia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Gandotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gandotinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myelofibrosis, Polycythemia Vera, Primary Myelofibrosis, Thrombocythemia, Essential, and Myeloproliferative Disorders, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ruxolitinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ruxolitinib is a janus-associated kinase inhibitor indicated to treat bone marrow cancer, specifically intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis. FDA approved on November 16, 2011. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of intermediate or high-risk myelofibrosis, including primary myelofibrosis, post-polycythemia vera (post-PV) myelofibrosis and post-essential thrombocythemia (post-ET) myelofibrosis. [Lexicomp] Myeolofibrosis is the proliferation of abnormal bone marrow stem cells which cause fibrosis (the excessive formation of connective tissue).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mechlorethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vesicant and necrotizing irritant destructive to mucous membranes, mechlorethamine is an alkylating drug. It was formerly used as a war gas. The hydrochloride is used as an antineoplastic in Hodgkin's disease and lymphomas. It causes severe gastrointestinal and bone marrow damage. [PubChem]The FDA granted marketing approval for the orphan drug Valchlor (mechlorethamine) gel on August 23, 2013 for the topical treatment of stage IA and IB mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (CTCL) in patients who have received prior skin-directed therapy. Each tube of Valchlor contains 0.016% of mechlorethamine which is equivalent to 0.02% mechlorethamine HCL. 
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of Hodgkin's disease (Stages III and IV), lymphosarcoma, chronic myelocytic or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, polycythemia vera, mycosis fungoides, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Also for the palliative treatment of metastatic carcinoma resulting in effusion.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Erlotinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Erlotinib hydrochloride (trade name Tarceva, Genentech/OSIP, originally coded as OSI-774) is a drug used to treat non-small cell lung cancer, pancreatic cancer and several other types of cancer.Similar to gefitinib, erlotinib specifically targets the epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) tyrosine kinase. It binds in a reversible fashion to the adenosine triphosphate (ATP) binding site of the receptor. Erlotinib has recently been shown to be a potent inhibitor of JAK2V617F activity. JAK2V617F is a mutant of tyrosine kinase JAK2, is found in most patients with polycythemia vera (PV) and a substantial proportion of patients with idiopathic myelofibrosis or essential thrombocythemia. The study suggests that erlotinib may be used for treatment of JAK2V617F-positive PV and other myeloproliferative disorders.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer after failure of at least one prior chemotherapy regimen. Also for use, in combination with gemcitabine, as the first-line treatment of patients with locally advanced, unresectable or metastatic pancreatic cancer.
