DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Exisulind
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adenomatous polyposis coli, lung cancer, prostate cancer, colon polyps, Barrett's esophagus disease, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Beclomethasone dipropionate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Beclomethasone dipropionate is a prodrug of the free form, beclomethasone (beclomethasone-17-monopropionate). An anti-inflammatory, synthetic corticosteroid, it is used topically as an anti-inflammatory agent and in aerosol form for the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis (seasonal and perennial). Beclometasone dipropionate is also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease. It is marketed under several brand names such as Qnasl (US) and Rivanase AQ (Canada).
4. Indication:  Used in the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy in patients 5 years of age and older, and in treating symptoms for allergic rhinitis (seasonal or perennial) in patients 12 years of age and older. Also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dienogest
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic progestogen which also possesses the properties of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone and has antiandrogenic properties. It is primarily used as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol, or in other combination form pills approved in United States and Europe however it is not available in the US by itself. In Europe, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Japan, dienogest single therapy is an approved treatment for endometriosis to alleviate painful symptoms of endometriosis and reduce endometriotic lesions [1]. Dienogest is commonly marketed as Visanne, Natazia and Qlaira.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as the treatment of endometriosis alone and as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
