DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Endothelin-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Endothelin 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00745693 (The Effects of Diesel Exhaust Inhalation on Vascular Function - the Role of Endothelin).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Insulin Pork
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin isolated from pig pancreas. Composed of alpha and beta chains, processed from pro-insulin. Forms a hexameric structure.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type I and II diabetes mellitus.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Hexoprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexoprenaline is a stimulant of beta 2 adrenergic receptors. It is used as a bronchodilator, antiasthmatic, and tocolytic agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Megestrol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  17-Hydroxy-6-methylpregna-3,6-diene-3,20-dione. A progestational hormone used most commonly as the acetate ester. As the acetate, it is more potent than progesterone both as a progestagen and as an ovulation inhibitor. It has also been used in the palliative treatment of breast cancer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia, cachexia, or an unexplained, significant weight loss in patients with a diagnosis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used for the palliative management of recurrent, inoperable, or metastatic breast cancer, endometrial cancer, and prostate cancer in Canada and some other countries.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Emfilermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), reproductive health, and infertility.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PEG-uricase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PEG-uricase, a polyethylene glycol ("PEG") conjugate of recombinant porcine uricase (urate oxidase), which breaks down the uric acid deposits is being studied in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of severe, treatment-refractory gout in the United States in 2006.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperuricemia.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Susoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous susoctocog alfa is a recombinant, B-domain deleted, porcine sequence antihaemophilic factor VIII (FVIII) product that has recently been approved for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired haemophilia A (AHA). AHA is a rare bleeding disorder that results in a prolonged clotting time as measured by the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) assay, a conventional in vitro test for biological activity of factor VIII. Patients with AHA have normal Factor VIII genes for coagulation pathways but develop inhibitory autoantibodies directed against Factor VIII. These autoantibodies neutralize circulating human factor VIII and create a functional deficiency of this procoagulant protein. Susoctocog alfa serves to temporarily restore the inhibited endogenous Factor VIII for effective hemostasis. In a global, prospective, controlled, multi-center Phase 2/3 open-label clinical trial, all patients responded to susoctocog alfa treatment within 24 hours [2]. Susoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein containing a 90 kDa heavy chain and a 80 kDa light chain with the naturally-occuring B domain replaced with a twenty-four amino acid linker.Susoctocog alfa was approved by the FDA in October 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Obizur for intravenous injection. It is the first recombinant porcine FVIII treatment approved for AHA that allows physicians to manage the treatment's efficacy and safety by measuring factor VIII activity levels in addition to clinical assessments [2]. The recombinant porcine sequence allows less susceptibility to inactivation by circulating human factor VIII antibodies.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired hemophilia A.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trilostane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Trilostane is an inhibitor of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It was withdrawn from the United States market in April 1994. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It is normally used in short-term treatment until permanent therapy is possible.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aviptadil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  substance P
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Homspera is a generic name used by the Company to describe the synthetic peptide Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P. Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species. All of the Company's research and development efforts are in early, pre-clinical stages and Homspera, also known as Viprovex and Radilex, has only undergone exploratory studies to evaluate its biological activity in small animals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and viral infection.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Orciprenaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist used in the treatment of asthma and bronchospasms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchospasm, chronic bronchitis, asthma, and emphysema.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Canakinumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Canakinumab is a recombinant, human anti-human-IL-1β monoclonal antibody that belongs to the IgG1/κ isotype subclass. It is expressed in a murine Sp2/0-Ag14 cell line and comprised of two 447- (or 448-) residue heavy chains and two 214-residue light chains, with a molecular mass of 145157 Daltons when deglycosylated. Both heavy chains of canakinumab contain oligosaccharide chains linked to the protein backbone at asparagine 298 (Asn 298). Canakinumab binds to human IL-1β and neutralizes its inflammatory activity by blocking its interaction with IL-1 receptors, but it does not bind IL-1alpha or IL-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1ra). Canakinumab is marketed under the brand name Ilaris and indicated for patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). Clinical trials have established the administration of canakinumab every 2 weeks to be safe and effective, offering a considerable advantage over the existing treatment with the human IL-1 receptor antagonist, anakinra, which must be injected daily and which is often poorly tolerated by patients.
4. Indication:  Used in patients 4 years of age and older to treat Familial Cold Autoinflammatory Syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), which are both part of the Cryopyrin-Associated Periodic Syndromes (CAPS) as well as for patients 2 years of age and older to treat systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA). 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sivelestat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sivelestat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Lung Injury and Respiratory Distress Syndrome, Adult.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Parachlorophenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  P-chlorophenol is a white crystals with a strong phenol odor. Slightly soluble to soluble in water, depending on the isomer, and denser than water. Noncombustible.
4. Indication:  Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis of dyes and drugs.Local antibacterial agent in root canal therapy, as topical antiseptic in ointments
