DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Hemin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hemin (trade name Panhematin) is an iron-containing porphyrin. More specifically, it is protoporphyrin IX containing a ferric iron ion (heme B) with a chloride ligand.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of porphyria attacks, particularly in acute intermittent porphyria.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Afamelanotide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Afamelanotide is an analog of the peptide hormone alpha-melanocyte stimulating hormone (alpha-MSH) that tends to induce skin tanning. It is being developed by the Australian company Clinuvel Pharmaceuticals (previously known as EpiTan). Afamelanotide was approved in Europe in October, 2014 for the treatment of erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP). Clinuvel now intends to seek approval of afamelanotide in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis, keratoses, skin cell studies, and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
