DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Hemin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hemin (trade name Panhematin) is an iron-containing porphyrin. More specifically, it is protoporphyrin IX containing a ferric iron ion (heme B) with a chloride ligand.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of porphyria attacks, particularly in acute intermittent porphyria.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Cilostazol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cilostazol is a medication used in the alleviation of the symptom of intermittent claudication in individuals with peripheral vascular disease. It is manufactured by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co. under the trade name Pletal. Although drugs similar to cilostazol have increased the risk of death in patients with congestive heart failure, studies of significant size have not addressed people without the disease. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of symptoms of intermittent claudication (pain in the legs that occurs with walking and disappears with rest).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sulfinpyrazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A uricosuric drug that is used to reduce the serum urate levels in gout therapy. It lacks anti-inflammatory, analgesic, and diuretic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of gout and gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Apomorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A derivative of morphine that is a dopamine D2 agonist. It is a powerful emetic and has been used for that effect in acute poisoning. It has also been used in the diagnosis and treatment of parkinsonism, but its adverse effects limit its use.
4. Indication:  For the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, off episodes (end-of-dose wearing off and unpredictable on/off episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Duloxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Duloxetine (brand names Cymbalta, Yentreve, and in parts of Europe, Xeristar or Ariclaim) is a drug which primarily targets major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy and in some countries stress urinary incontinence (SUI). It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.Duloxetine has not yet been FDA approved for stress urinary incontinence or for fibromyalgia.Duloxetine is a selective SNRI (selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor). Duloxetine is a systemic drug therapy which affects the body as a whole. Known also under the code name LY248686, it is a potent dual reuptake inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE), possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE- and 5-HT transporter sites. It is a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tirasemtiv
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirasemtiv has been used in trials studying the treatment of Myasthenia Gravis, Intermittent Claudication, and Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nitroaspirin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nitroaspirin has been investigated for the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Lindane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pediculosis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients infested with Sarcoptes scabiei or pediculosis capitis who have either failed to respond to adequate doses, or are intolerant of other approved therapies.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Racepinephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Racepinephrine is a racemic mixture consisting of d-Epinephrine and l-Epinephrine enantiomers. Epinephrine is a non-selective α- and β-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a bronchodilator used in the temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma including wheezing, tightness of chest and shortness of breath. It is an active ingredient in oral inhalation over-the-counter products as racepinephrine hydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Octenidine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Octenidine is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02697162 (Antiseptic-coated Intermittent Urinary Catheter).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  K-134
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  K-134 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Intermittent Claudication.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Lamotrigine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lamotrigine is an antiepileptic drug belonging in the phenyltriazine class used in the treatment of epilepsy and bipolar disorder. For epilepsy it is used to treat partial seizures, primary and secondary tonic-clonic seizures, and seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Lamotrigine also acts as a mood stabilizer. It is the first medication since lithium granted Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the maintenance treatment of bipolar type I. In the US, lamotrigine is available as oral tablets under the market name Lamictal. Chemically unrelated to other anticonvulsants, lamotrigine has relatively few side-effects and does not require blood monitoring. While lamotrigine is primarily indicated for epilepsy and bipolar disorders, there is evidence that it could have some clinical efficacy in some neuropathic pain states. Lamotrigine is also used as an off-label drug in treating other neurologic and psychiatric pathologies like borderline personality disorder [6]. The exact mechanism of action of lamotrigine is not fully elucidated, as it may have multiple cellular actions that contribute to its broad clinical efficacy.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy for the following seizure types in patients ≥2 years of age: partial seizures/primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures/generalized seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome [FDA Label].Indicated for conversion to monotherapy in adults (≥16 years of age) with partial seizures who are receiving treatment with carbamazepine, phenytoin, phenobarbital, primidone, or valproate as the single antiepileptic drug (AED)[FDA Label]. Indicated for the maintenance treatment of Bipolar I Disorder to delay the time to occurrence of mood episodes (depression, mania, hypomania, mixed episodes) in adults (≥18 years of age) treated for acute mood episodes with standard therapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  ROX-888
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ROX-888 is ROXRO's lead compound which is currently in Phase 3 trials for the treatment of acute pain, including post-operative pain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ficlatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ficlatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Non-small Cell Lung Cancer, Mullerian Mixed Tumor of Ovary, Relapsed Acute Myeloid Leukemia, and Refractory Acute Myeloid Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  WL-1002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  WL-1002 is developed by Winston Laboratories which is a topical cream formulation of 075% zucapaicin (also known as civamide), for the treatment of pain due to osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoarthritis and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Solnatide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solnatide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute Lung Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Alkaline Phosphatase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alkaline Phosphatase (AP) is an oral treatment and has a veryfavorable side-effect profile. AP only acts locally in the colon to reduce the continuous inflammation of the colon by endotoxin from Gram-negative bacteria and extracellular ATP in UC patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ulcerative colitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Pentoxifylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with intermittent lameness or immobility arising from chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Beraprost
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Beraprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, under clinical trials for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension. It is also being studied for use in avoiding reperfusion injury.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tubocurarine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neuromuscular blocker and active ingredient in curare; plant based alkaloid of Menispermaceae. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as a diagnosis agent for myasthenia gravis, and also to facilitate the intubation after induction of anesthesia in surgical procedure
