DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Gastric intrinsic factor
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Intrinsic factor (IF), also known as gastric intrinsic factor (GIF), is a glycoprotein produced by the parietal cells of the stomach that is necessary for the absorption of vitamin B12 (cobalamin) later on in the small intestine. When vitamin B12 is provided in combination with intrinsic factor, intrinsic factor reduces protease degradation and increases absorption of Vitamin B12.Intrinsic factor is not currently available in any FDA or Health Canada approved products. However, it is currently in the marketed (but unapproved) product Hematogen in combination with cyanocobalamin (synthetic Vitamin B12), ferrous fumarate, and ascorbic acid for the treatment of anemias responsive to oral iron therapy. 
4. Indication:  Intrinsic factor is not currently available in any FDA or Health Canada approved products. However, it is currently in the marketed (but unapproved) product Hematogen in combination with cyanocobalamin (synthetic Vitamin B12), ferrous fumarate, and ascorbic acid for the treatment of anemias responsive to oral iron therapy. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bupranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to "propranolol":http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00571.
4. Indication:  Used to manage hypertension and tachycardia. Also used to treat glaucoma.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Metipranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist effective for both beta-1 and beta-2 receptors. It is used as an antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive, and antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bopindolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bopindolol (INN) is a beta blocker. It is an ester which acts as a prodrug for Pindolol.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension, edema, ventricular tachycardias, and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pindolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A moderately lipophilic beta blocker (adrenergic beta-antagonists). It is non-cardioselective and has intrinsic sympathomimetic actions, but little membrane-stabilizing activity. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p638)
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension, edema, ventricular tachycardias, and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Carteolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intraocular hypertension and chronic open-angle glaucoma
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hexachlorophene
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations used for skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)
4. Indication:  For use as a surgical scrub and a bacteriostatic skin cleanser. It may also be used to control an outbreak of gram-positive infection where other infection control procedures have been unsuccessful.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  TTP889
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TTP889, an orally bioavailable selective inhibitor of the intrinsic coagulation pathway, is being developed as an anticoagulant for the treatment of thromboembolic disorders. TTP889 is the only known selective small molecule inhibitor of Factor IX, a key enzyme of the intrinsic pathway of the blood coagulation system. TTP889 has proven to be effective in preventing clot formation in several animal models of human disease, without any signs of the bleeding associated with traditional anticoagulants. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), cardiac surgery, and venous thromboembolism.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Prazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Prazepam is a benzodiazepine that is used in the treatment of anxiety disorders. It is a schedule IV drug in the U.S.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nadolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with a long half-life, used in cardiovascular disease to treat arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension. Nadolol is also used for migraine disorders and for tremor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in cardiovascular disease to treat arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Alprenolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  One of the adrenergic beta-antagonists used as an antihypertensive, anti-anginal, and anti-arrhythmic agent. Alprenolol is no longer marketed by AstraZeneca, but may still be available in generic varieties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension, angina, and arrhythmia
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Betaxolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-1-adrenergic antagonist with no partial agonist activity.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Oxprenolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, arrhythmias, and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of hypertension, angina pectoris, arrhythmias, and anxiety.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Acebutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension and ventricular premature beats in adults.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Arotinolol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arotinolol is an alpha- and beta-receptor blocker developed in Japan. It is a thiopropanolamine with a tertiary butyl moiety. It has been studied for its potential to be an antihypertensive therapy.[6] Artinolol is being developed by Sumitomo Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and it is currently under clinical trials.[10]
4. Indication:  Artinolol was introduced to be used as an antihypertensive agent since 1986.[7] It has been studied for other functions like tremor control for patients with Parkinson disease and it is currently in clinical trials for its use in the control of blood pressure and heart rate.[10]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Metoprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Metoprolol is a cardioselective β1-adrenergic blocking agent used for acute myocardial infarction (MI), heart failure, angina pectoris and mild to moderate hypertension. It may also be used for supraventricular and tachyarrhythmias and prophylaxis for migraine headaches. Metoprolol is structurally similar to bisoprolol, acebutolol and atenolol in that it has two substituents in the para position of the benzene ring. The β1-selectivity of these agents is thought to be due in part to the large substituents in the para position. At low doses, metoprolol selectively blocks cardiac β1-adrenergic receptors with little activity against β2-adrenergic receptors of the lungs and vascular smooth muscle. Receptor selectivity decreases with higher doses. Unlike propranolol and pindolol, metoprolol does not exhibit membrane-stabilizing or intrinsic sympathomimetic activity. Membrane-stabilizing effects are only observed at doses much higher than those needed for β-adrenergic blocking activity. Metoprolol possesses a single chiral centre and is administered as a racemic mixture.
4. Indication:  For the management of acute myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, heart failure and mild to moderate hypertension. May be used to treat supraventricular and tachyarrhythmias and as prophylaxis for migraine headaches.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Halothane
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nonflammable, halogenated, hydrocarbon anesthetic that provides relatively rapid induction with little or no excitement. Analgesia may not be adequate. nitrous oxide is often given concomitantly. Because halothane may not produce sufficient muscle relaxation, supplemental neuromuscular blocking agents may be required. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p178)
4. Indication:  For the induction and maintenance of general anesthesia
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Oxygen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxygen is a chemical element with symbol O and atomic number 8. Uptake of oxygen from the air is the essential purpose of respiration, so oxygen supplementation is used in medicine. Treatment not only increases oxygen levels in the patient's blood, but has the secondary effect of decreasing resistance to blood flow in many types of diseased lungs, easing work load on the heart. Oxygen therapy is used to treat emphysema, pneumonia, some heart disorders (congestive heart failure), some disorders that cause increased pulmonary artery pressure, and any disease that impairs the body's ability to take up and use gaseous oxygen. Higher level of oxygen than ambient air (hyperoxia) can be introduced under normobaric or hyperbaric conditions.
4. Indication:  Oxygen therapy in clinical settings is used across diverse specialties, including various types of anoxia, hypoxia or dyspnea and any other disease states and conditions that reduce the efficiency of gas exchange and oxygen consumption such as respiratory illnesses, trauma, poisonings and drug overdoses. Oxygen therapy tries to achieve hyperoxia [6] to reduce the extent of hypoxia-induced tissue damage and malfunction. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cobimetinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cobimetinib is an orally active, potent and highly selective small molecule inhibiting mitogen-activated protein kinase kinase 1 (MAP2K1 or MEK1), and central components of the RAS/RAF/MEK/ERK signal transduction pathway. It has been approved in Switzerland and the US, in combination with vemurafenib for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic BRAF V600 mutation-positive melanoma.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma with a BRAF V600E or V600K mutation. Cobimetinib is used in combination with vemurafenib, a BRAF inhibitor.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Econazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans, Microsporum canis, Microsporum audouini, Microsporum gypseum, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis, and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ropinirole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, and is also one of two medications in the United States with an FDA-approved indication for the treatment of restless legs syndrome (the other being Pramipexole).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Also used for the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Aprotinin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aprotinin, also known as bovine pancreatic trypsin inhibitor, BPTI (Trasylol, Bayer) is a protein, that is used as medication administered by injection to reduce bleeding during complex surgery, such as heart and liver surgery. Its main effect is the slowing down of fibrinolysis, the process that leads to the breakdown of blood clots. The aim in its use is to decrease the need for blood transfusions during surgery, as well as end-organ damage due to hypotension (low blood pressure) as a result of marked blood loss. The drug was temporarily withdrawn worldwide in 2007 after studies suggested that its use increased the risk of complications or death; after this was confirmed by follow-up studies, Trasylol was entirely and permanently withdrawn in May 2008, except - at least for the time being - for very restricted research use. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For prophylactic use to reduce perioperative blood loss and the need for blood transfusion in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass in the course of coronary artery bypass graft surgery who are at an increased risk for blood loss and blood transfusion.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ketazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ketazolam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. Ketazolam is not approved for sale in the United States or Canada.
4. Indication:  Ketazolam could be used for the treatment of anxiety. In approved countries, it is indicated for the treatment of anxiety, tension, irritability and similar stress related symptoms.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
