DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Phenoxybenzamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of phaeochromocytoma (malignant), benign prostatic hypertrophy and malignant essential hypertension.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nortriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the N-demethylated active metabolite of amitriptyline, is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, nortriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, nortriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Compared to other TCAs, nortriptyline is less toxic and displays less drug interactions [6]. As a more selective noadrenaline reuptake inhibitor, nortriptyline is less likely associated with the hypertensive ‘cheese reaction' [6]. Nortriptyline exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Apart from its indication to treat depression, nortriptyline has been investigated in chronic neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), fibromyalgia [4], irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use) [5], post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Primarily indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mecamylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that is well absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and crosses the blood-brain barrier. Mecamylamine has been used as a ganglionic blocker in treating hypertension, but, like most ganglionic blockers, is more often used now as a research tool. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderately severe to severe essential hypertension and in uncomplicated cases of malignant hypertension
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Maprotiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and does not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and major depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of depression, including the depressed phase of bipolar depression, psychotic depression, and involutional melancholia, and may also be helpful in treating certain patients suffering severe depressive neurosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Desipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use). 
4. Indication:  For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bupranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bupranolol is a non-selective beta blocker without intrinsic sympathomimetic activity (ISA), but with strong membrane stabilizing activity. Its potency is similar to "propranolol":http://www.drugbank.ca/drugs/DB00571.
4. Indication:  Used to manage hypertension and tachycardia. Also used to treat glaucoma.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Nadolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A non-selective beta-adrenergic antagonist with a long half-life, used in cardiovascular disease to treat arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension. Nadolol is also used for migraine disorders and for tremor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used in cardiovascular disease to treat arrhythmias, angina pectoris, and hypertension.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Carisoprodol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting skeletal muscle relaxant whose mechanism of action is not completely understood but may be related to its sedative actions. It is used as an adjunct in the symptomatic treatment of musculoskeletal conditions associated with painful muscle spasm. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute, painful, musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ropinirole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist, manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline. It is used in the treatment of Parkinson's disease, and is also one of two medications in the United States with an FDA-approved indication for the treatment of restless legs syndrome (the other being Pramipexole).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the signs and symptoms of idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Also used for the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iloperidone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iloperidone is an atypical antipsychotic for the treatment of schizophrenia symptoms. Hoechst Marion Roussel Inc. made initial inquiries into the drug; however, in May 1996, they discontinued research, and in June 1997 gave research rights to Titan Pharmaceuticals. Titan then handed over worldwide development, manufacturing and marketing rights to Novartis in August 1998. On June 9, 2004, Titan Pharmaceuticals announced that the Phase III development rights have been acquired by Vanda Pharmaceuticals. FDA approved on May 9, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of acute schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Quetiapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quetiapine is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia as well as for the treatment of acute manic episodes associated with bipolar I disorder. The antipsychotic effect of quetiapine is thought by some to be mediated through antagonist activity at dopamine and serotonin receptors. Specifically the D1 and D2 dopamine, the alpha 1 adrenoreceptor and alpha 2 adrenoreceptor, and 5-HT1A and 5-HT2 serotonin receptor subtypes are antagonized. Quetiapine also has an antagonistic effect on the histamine H1 receptor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Carvedilol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carvedilol is a non-selective beta blocker indicated in the treatment of mild to moderate congestive heart failure (CHF). It blocks beta-1 and beta-2 adrenergic receptors as well as the alpha-1 adrenergic receptors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild or moderate (NYHA class II or III) heart failure of ischemic or cardiomyopathic origin.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Disulfiram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A carbamate derivative used as an alcohol deterrent. It is a relatively nontoxic substance when administered alone, but markedly alters the intermediary metabolism of alcohol. When alcohol is ingested after administration of disulfiram, blood acetaldehyde concentrations are increased, followed by flushing, systemic vasodilation, respiratory difficulties, nausea, hypotension, and other symptoms (acetaldehyde syndrome). It acts by inhibiting aldehyde dehydrogenase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of chronic alcoholism
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Furosemide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A benzoic-sulfonamide-furan. It is a diuretic with fast onset and short duration that is used for edema and chronic renal insufficiency. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of edema associated with congestive heart failure, cirrhosis of the liver, and renal disease, including the nephrotic syndrome. Also for the treatment of hypertension alone or in combination with other antihypertensive agents.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
