DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CX717
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  CX717 is an ampakine compound created by Dr. Gary Lynch at UCI in 1993 and further developed by Cortex Pharmaceuticals, an Irvine company created to explore possible applications. It is one of a class of synthetic compounds that amplify the signal of glutamate, a neurotransmitter important for learning and memory.
4. Indication:  April 18 2007 Cortex Pharmaceuticals submitted two large data packages to the FDA regarding CX717. One data set went to the FDA's Division of Neurology Drug Products for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, while the other went to the Division of Psychiatry Products where the company intends to file a second CX717 IND for the treatment of ADHD. The submitted data package provides clear evidence that the specific histopathological changes seen in animal toxicology studies, which previously caused the FDA to put CX717 on clinical hold, is a postmortem fixation artifact and is not found in the tissue of the animal when it is still living.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  liposomal prostaglandin E1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liposome-encapsulated form of prostaglandin E1 (Liprostin) is known to be a potent vasodilator and platelet inhibitor as well as an anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic agent. The liposomal formulation of PGE-1 changes the drug’s dynamics and improve its therapeutic index in ways that PGE-1 alone could not achieve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PF-04995274
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pf 04995274 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01193062 (Study In Healthy Subjects To Evaluate The Changes In The Protein sAPP-Alpha In Cerebrospinal Fluid Following A Single Oral Dose Of PF-04995274).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SGN-30
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGN-30 is an engineered monoclonal antibody (mAb) that reacts with significant affinity to the CD30 antigen, which is highly expressed on a variety of hematologic malignancies as compared to on normal cells. SGN-30 has been shown to induce direct anti-cancer activity towards tumor cells expressing CD30 and is undergoing phase II trials for cancer therapy. SGN-30 has demonstrated objective antitumor responses as a single agent in phase II clinical trials. We are collaborating with the National Cancer Institute (NCI) on three clinical trials of SGN-30 in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma, front-line ALCL and pediatric ALCL.SGN-30 received orphan drug designation from the FDA in July 2003 for Hodgkin lymphoma and in February 2004 for T-cell lymphomas. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, cancer/tumors (unspecified), lymphoma (non-hodgkin's), and lymphoma (unspecified).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PCL-016
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PCL-016 or Picolinic acid drug substance is a pyridine carboxylate metabolite of tryptophan. It acts as an anti-infective and immunomodulator and is produced in approximately 25-50 mg quantities by the body on a daily basis through the breakdown of tryptophan. PCL-016 plays a key role in zinc transport. As a therapeutic agent, the molecule works by binding to zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) in a way that changes their structures and disrupts zinc binding, inhibiting function. ZFPs are involved in viral replication and packaging as well as normal cell homeostatic functions. Picolinic acid has been shown to be an anti-viral in vitro and in vivo, and sometimes works in conjunction with other cytokines such as interferon gamma to affect immune responses. Acne vulgaris, herpes and other viral infections therefore pose potential therapeutic targets of PCL-016.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, herpes labialis infections (cold sores), and venereal disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tasonermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tasonermin is recombinant soluble form tumor necrosis factor α produced via Escherichia coli cell culture. It was approved for use by the European Medicines Agency in April of 1999 for use as an adjunt to surgery for the subsequent removal of the tumor and in palliative care for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs as the product Beromun. It is administered with Melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
4. Indication:  For use in adults as an adjunct to surgery for subsequent removal of the tumour so as to prevent or delay amputation, or in palliative care, for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs [FDA Label]. Used in combination with melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Trodusquemine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity and diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Butriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant which has been used in Europe since 1974. It is the isobutyl side chain homologue of amitriptyline.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Plinabulin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CNS-5161
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CNS 5161 is a blocker of the NMDA ion channel and has completed Phase IIa proof of concept clinical trials as a novel compound for the treatment of neuropathic pain.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in migraine and cluster headaches, neuropathy (diabetic), and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus house dust mites, or skin testing to licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides farinae
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides farinae extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides farinae extract is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoidesfarinae house dust mites, or skin testing to  licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. ODACTRA is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Midomafetamine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  An N-substituted amphetamine analog. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems. It is commonly referred to as MDMA or ecstasy. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems.
4. Indication:  Clinical trials are now testing the therapeutic potential of MDMA for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and anxiety associated with terminal cancer. MDMA is one of the four most widely used illicit drugs in the U.S.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pargyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A monoamine oxidase inhibitor with antihypertensive properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Oxibendazole
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxibendazole is a polymerase inhibitor in phase III trials for the treatment of helminth intestinal infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Varespladib methyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Varespladib methyl has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that Varespladib methyl treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Gadoteridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.
4. Indication:  Gadoteridol is an MRI contrast agent used for contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Somatotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli
4. Indication:  For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Etoperidone
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Etoperidone is an atypical antidepressant introduced in Europe in 1977. It is a phenylpiperazine-substituted triazole derivative with a composition that classifies it as an analog of tradozone and presents a similar pharmacological profile.[6] Etoperidone was developed by Angelini Francesco ACRAF and even nowadays, there is uncertanty if this drug ever reached the market.[2]
4. Indication:  Etoperidone has been studied for the treatment of depression[8], tremors in Parkinson, extrapyramidal symptoms[11] and male impotence[12]. It is not certain if it was ever approved and marketed but its current status is withdrawn.
