DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Anatibant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anatibant is a selective, very potent, small-molecule Bradykinin B2 receptor antagonist. It is developed for the for the treatment of traumatic brain injury (TBI).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fluoxetine hydrochloride is the first agent of the class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Fluoxetine is a racemic mixture of the R- and S- enantiomers and are of equivalent pharmacologic activity. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Fluoxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and in combination with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Fluoxetine is the most anorexic and stimulating SSRI.
4. Indication:  Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Paroxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paroxetine hydrochloride and paroxetine mesylate belong to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ⍺- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects). Side effects generally occur during the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Paroxetine hydrochloride and mesylate are considered therapeutic alternatives rather than generic equivalents by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA); both agents contain the same active moiety (i.e. paroxetine), but are formulated as different salt forms. Clinical studies establishing the efficacy of paroxetine in various conditions were performed using paroxetine hydrochloride. Since both agents contain the same active moiety, the clinical efficacy of both agents is thought to be similar. Paroxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Paroxetine has the most evidence supporting its use for anxiety-related disorders of the SSRIs. It has the greatest anticholinergic activity of the agents in this class and compared to other SSRIs, paroxetine may cause greater weight gain, sexual dysfunction, sedation and constipation.
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sertraline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sertraline hydrochloride belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake [7]. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a more detailed listing of side effects). Compared to other agents in this class, sertraline may cause greater diarrheal and male sexual dysfunction effects [5]. Sertraline displays a better safety or tolerability profile than other classes of antidepressants [6]. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors [7]. Sertraline has shown therapeutic effectiveness as a treatment for major depressive disorder [1], obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2], panic disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [3], premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [4] and social anxiety disorder (social phobia).
4. Indication:  For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), panic disorder (PD) with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), and social anxiety disorder (SAD) [FDA Label]. It may be used for premature ejaculation and vascular headaches as off-label indications. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Lysergic Acid Diethylamide
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Debate continues over the nature and causes of chronic flashbacks. Explanations in terms of LSD physically remaining in the body for months or years after consumption have been discounted by experimental evidence. Some say HPPD is a manifestation of post-traumatic stress disorder, not related to the direct action of LSD on brain chemistry, and varies according to the susceptibility of the individual to the disorder. Many emotionally intense experiences can lead to flashbacks when a person is reminded acutely of the original experience. However, not all published case reports of chronic flashbacks appear to describe an anxious hyper-vigilant state reminiscent of post-traumatic stress disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Orvepitant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Orvepitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Depressive Disorder, Major, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  DP-b99
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DP-b99 is a newly developed lipophilic, cell permeable derivative of BAPTA (1,2-bis(2-aminophenoxy)ethane-N,N,N',N'-tetraacetic acid), that is under development as a neuroprotectant for the potential treatment of stroke, head trauma and neurological damage associated with coronary artery bypass graft.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes and traumatic brain injuries.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lesopitron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lesopitron is an anxiolytic with pre- and post-synaptic 5-HT1A agonist activity, which is under development by Esteve.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Caffeine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine naturally occurring in some beverages and also used as a pharmacological agent. Caffeine's most notable pharmacological effect is as a central nervous system stimulant, increasing alertness and producing agitation. It also relaxes smooth muscle, stimulates cardiac muscle, stimulates diuresis, and appears to be useful in the treatment of some types of headache. Several cellular actions of caffeine have been observed, but it is not entirely clear how each contributes to its pharmacological profile. Among the most important are inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases, antagonism of adenosine receptors, and modulation of intracellular calcium handling.
4. Indication:  For management of fatigue, orthostatic hypotension, and for the short term treatment of apnea of prematurity in infants.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Mepenzolate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mepenzolate is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It decreases gastric acid and pepsin secretion and suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Mepenzolate diminishes gastric acid and pepsin secretion. Mepenzolate also suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Pharmacologically, it is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It has not been shown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It has not beenshown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Anthrax immune globulin human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anthrax immune globulin is a human immune globulin that is used in combination with antibiotics to treat anthrax. It is derived from the plasma of humans immunized with BioThrax (adsorbed anthrax vaccine), which is then further purified. Available as the product Anthrasil (FDA), the result is a solution for slow IV infusion containing polyclonal antibodies that bind the protective antigen (PA) component of Bacillus anthracis lethal and edema toxins. This binding of antibody to PA prevents PA-mediated cellular entry of toxic factors. It is administered in combination with appropriate antibiotic therapy as the immunoglobulin itself is not known to have direct antibacterial activity against anthrax bacteria, which otherwise may continue to grow and produce anthrax toxins.
4. Indication:  Anthrax immune globulin is indicated for the treatment of inhalational anthrax in adult and pediatric patients in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Flutemetamol (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flutemetamol (18F) is a PET scanning radiopharmaceutical containing the radionuclide fluorine-18. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline.
4. Indication:  Flutemetamol F18 is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's disease (AD) or other causes of cognitive decline. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Asenapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Developed by Schering-Plough after its merger with Organon International, asenapine is a sublingually administered, atypical antipsychotic for treatment of schizophrenia and acute mania associated with bipolar disorder. Asenapine also belongs to the dibenzo-oxepino pyrrole class. It is also for severe post-traumatic stress disorder nightmares in soldiers as an off-label use. FDA approved on August 13, 2009. 
4. Indication:  Used for treatment in psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, manic disorders, and bipolar disorders as monotherapy or in combination.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Dexketoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It is available in the various countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America. It has analgesic, antipyretic and anti-inflammatory properties [2].
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of mild to moderate pain, including dysmenorrhoea, musculoskeletal pain and toothache [6]. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tetrafluoroaluminate Ion
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Midomafetamine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  An N-substituted amphetamine analog. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems. It is commonly referred to as MDMA or ecstasy. It is a widely abused drug classified as a hallucinogen and causes marked, long-lasting changes in brain serotonergic systems.
4. Indication:  Clinical trials are now testing the therapeutic potential of MDMA for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and anxiety associated with terminal cancer. MDMA is one of the four most widely used illicit drugs in the U.S.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cyproheptadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, cold urticaria, dermatographism, and as therapy for anaphylactic reactions adjunctive to epinephrine.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Quercus stellata pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quercus stellata pollen is the pollen of the Quercus stellata plant. Quercus stellata pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Perfluoro tert-butylcyclohexane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oxycyte has been used in trials studying the treatment of Traumatic Brain Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Methylergometrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A homolog of ergonovine containing one more CH2 group. (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the prevention and control of excessive bleeding following vaginal childbirth
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dihydrocodeine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Dihydrocodeine is an opioid analgesic used as an alternative or adjunct to codeine to treat moderate to severe pain, severe dyspnea, and cough. It is semi-synthetic, and was developed in Germany in 1908 during an international search to find a more effective antitussive agent to help reduce the spread of airborne infectious diseases such as tuburculosis. It was marketed in 1911. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Dihydrocodeine is used for the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including post-operative and dental pain [2]. It can also be used to treat chronic pain [1], breathlessness and coughing. In heroin addicts, dihydrocodeine has been used as a substitute drug, in doses up to 2500mg/day to treat addiction. [http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2014322/]
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Florbetapir (18F)
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Florbetapir (18F) is a radiopharmaceutical compound containing the radionuclide fluorine-18 bound to the compound florbetapir, a molecule that binds with high affinity to beta amyloid plaque, a peptide that plays a key role in Alzheimer's Disease pathogenesis. Marketed as the product Amyvid, florbetapir 18F is indicated for positron emission tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline. The radionucleide fluorine-18 was chosen as it has a half life of 110 minutes allowing it to accumulate sufficiently in the brain before undergoing positon emission decay.
4. Indication:  Florbetapir 18F is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the brain to estimate β-amyloid neuritic plaque density in adult patients with cognitive impairment who are being evaluated for Alzheimer's Disease (AD) and other causes of cognitive decline.
