DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carbetocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carbetocin is a drug used to control postpartum hemorrhage, bleeding after giving birth. It is an analogue of oxytocin, and its action is similar to that of oxytocin -- it causes contraction of the uterus.
4. Indication:  Used to control postpartum hemorrhage and bleeding after giving birth.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Methylergometrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A homolog of ergonovine containing one more CH2 group. (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For the prevention and control of excessive bleeding following vaginal childbirth
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Misoprostol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic analog of natural prostaglandin E1. It produces a dose-related inhibition of gastric acid and pepsin secretion, and enhances mucosal resistance to injury. It is an effective anti-ulcer agent and also has oxytocic properties.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  MP4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MP4 is a hemoglobin-based oxygen carrier designed to serve as an alternative for blood transfusions. It is free of harmful vasoactivity and provides targeted oxygen delivery to tissues at risk of oxygen deprivation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hemorrhage and transfusion.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  O-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-O-methyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  O-(2,4-dichlorophenyl)-O-methyl-isopropylphosphoramidothioate (DMPA) is under investigation for the treatment and health services research of HIV, Lactation, Contraception, Postpartum Depression, and Immune Cells (Mucosal and Systemic). DMPA has been investigated for the prevention, treatment, and basic science of Weight and Microbiota.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Perflubron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Perflubron (Oxygent) is being developed as an intravascular oxygen carrier designed to augment oxygen delivery in surgical patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac surgery, hemorrhage, and ileus.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nicaraven
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebrovascular disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Bethanechol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bethanechol is a synthetic ester structurally and pharmacologically related to acetylcholine. A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, bethanechol is generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the GI tract following abdominal surgery or in urinary retention in the absence of obstruction. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute postoperative and postpartum nonobstructive (functional) urinary retention and for neurogenic atony of the urinary bladder with retention.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Allopregnanolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Allopregnanolone is under investigation for the treatment of Super-Refractory Status Epilepticus. Allopregnanolone has been investigated for the treatment of Severe Postpartum Depression.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  AZX-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in scar tissue.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ocriplasmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin with a molecular weight of 27.2 kDa produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Pichia pastoris expression system. Ocriplasmin is a protein made up of 249 amino acids and has two peptide chains. Agent for pharmacologic vitreolysis; thrombolytic agent. FDA approved in October 17, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ocriplasmin is a proteolytic enzyme indicated for the treatment for symptomatic vitreomacular adhesion. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cabozantinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cabozantinib was approved in 2012 and is a non-specific tyrosine kinase inhibitor. It is marketed as Cometriq, which is indicated for the treatment of metastatic medullary thyroid cancer. It's label includes a black box warning of gastrointestinal perforations, fistulas, and hemorrhage. The FDA approved cabozantinib as Cabometyx for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma in April 2016.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic medullary thyroid cancer and for the treatment of patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) who have received prior anti-angiogenic therapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Nimodipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nimodipine is a 1,4-dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker. It acts primarily on vascular smooth muscle cells by stabilizing voltage-gated L-type calcium channels in their inactive conformation. By inhibiting the influx of calcium in smooth muscle cells, nimodipine prevents calcium-dependent smooth muscle contraction and subsequent vasoconstriction. Compared to other calcium channel blocking agents, nimodipine exhibits greater effects on cerebral circulation than on peripheral circulation. Nimodipine is used to as an adjunct to improve the neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysm.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to improve neurologic outcome following subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH) from ruptured intracranial berry aneurysms by reducing the incidence and severity of ischemic deficits.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Transcrocetinate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vitamin A-analog that increases diffusivity of oxygen in aqueous solutions, including plasma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), hemorrhage, hypoxia, respiratory failure, and strokes.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Etiracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Etiracetam is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01137110 (Comparison of Short Duration Levetiracetam to Extended Course for Seizure Prophylaxis After Subarachnoid Hemorrhage (SAH)).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ferric pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Ferric pyrophosphate is an iron replacement product. Free iron presents several side effects as it can catalyze free radical formation and lipid peroxidation as well as the presence of interactions of iron in plasma. The ferric ion is strongly complexed by pyrophosphate.[1] It presents an increasing interest as this insoluble form can be milder in the gastrointestinal tract and present higher bioavailability.[10]
4. Indication:  Ferric pyrophosphate is intended to be indicated for the treatment of iron loss or iron deficiency as a formulation with a milder gastrointestinal effect.[9, 10] Iron deficiency appears when the dietary intake does not meet the body's requirement or when there is chronic external blood loss. During acute blood loss, body iron stores are sufficient for accelerated erythropoiesis and restoration of iron homeostasis. But when the altered homeostasis remains for weeks to months then some supplement is needed. Some causes of iron deficiency include ectoparasitism, endoparasitism, hematuria, epistaxis, hemorrhagic skin, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, thrombocytopathia and gastrointestinal hemorrhage.[2]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tranexamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with hemophilia for short term use (two to eight days) to reduce or prevent hemorrhage and reduce the need for replacement therapy during and following tooth extraction. It can also be used for excessive bleeding in menstruation, surgery, or trauma cases.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Metaraminol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic agonist that acts predominantly at alpha adrenergic receptors and also stimulates the release of norepinephrine. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of hypotension due to hemorrhage, spinal anesthesia, and shock associated with brain damage
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
