DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  CP-945598
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-945598 is an investigational drug which is a Cannabinoid-1 (CB-1) receptor antagonist being developed for the treatment of obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Magnesium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A small colorless crystal used as an anticonvulsant, a cathartic, and an electrolyte replenisher in the treatment of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. It causes direct inhibition of action potentials in myometrial muscle cells. Excitation and contraction are uncoupled, which decreases the frequency and force of contractions. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1083)
4. Indication:  Used for immediate control of life-threatening convulsions in the treatment of severe toxemias (pre-eclampsia and eclampsia) of pregnancy and in the treatment of acute nephritis in children. Also indicated for replacement therapy in magnesium deficiency, especially in acute hypomagnesemia accompanied by signs of tetany similar to those of hypocalcemia. Also used in uterine tetany as a myometriat relaxant.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dantrolene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Chemically, dantrolene is a hydantoin derivative, but does not exhibit antiepileptic activity like other hydantoin derivates such as phenytoin.
4. Indication:  For use, along with appropriate supportive measures, for the management of the fulminant hypermetabolism of skeletal muscle characteristic of malignant hyperthermia crises in patients of all ages. Also used preoperatively, and sometimes postoperatively, to prevent or attenuate the development of clinical and laboratory signs of malignant hyperthermia in individuals judged to be malignant hyperthermia susceptible.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PSN9301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN9301 is an oral small molecule inhibitor of Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DP-IV), being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. PSN9301 has a very rapid onset and a relatively short duration of action, and available pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that it may be an ideal product candidate for meal-related dosing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Quazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Quazepam is a drug which is a benzodiazepine derivative. It induces impairment of motor function and has hypnotic properties. Quazepam is used to treat insomnia.
4. Indication:  Used to treat insomnia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Halazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative and skeletal muscle relaxant properties. It is a trifluoromethyl derivative of nordazepam. While its structure may be similar to chlordiazepoxide and diazepam, it has both less toxicity and less tendency to cause paradoxical hostility and aggression than either of them. Halazepam is no longer marketed in the United States, and was withdrawn by Schering-Plough due to poor sales. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used to relieve anxiety, nervousness, and tension associated with anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Obinutuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Obinutuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It was approved by the FDA in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Gazyva. There is a black box warning of fatal Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) reactivation and fatal Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML).
4. Indication:  Obinutuzumab is used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  CPD 923
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CPD 923 (N-butylgalactonorjirimycin) is an iminosugar and an analogue of ZavescaTM. It shows efficacy in vivo studies, as well as a favourable pre-clinical tolerability profile. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Flunitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with pharmacologic actions similar to those of diazepam that can cause anterograde amnesia. Some reports indicate that it is used as a date rape drug and suggest that it may precipitate violent behavior. The United States Government has banned the importation of this drug. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of severe insomnias, that are not responsive to other hypnotics.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Metharbital
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Metharbital was patented in 1905 by Emil Fischer working for Merck. It was marketed as Gemonil by Abbott Laboratories. It is a barbiturate anticonvulsant, used in the treatment of epilepsy. It has similar properties to phenobarbital [Wikipedia].
4. Indication:  Metharbital is used for the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Quinidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An optical isomer of quinine, extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree and similar plant species. This alkaloid dampens the excitability of cardiac and skeletal muscles by blocking sodium and potassium currents across cellular membranes. It prolongs cellular action potential, and decreases automaticity. Quinidine also blocks muscarinic and alpha-adrenergic neurotransmission.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Acamprosate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acamprosate, also known by the brand name Campral™, is a drug used for treating alcohol dependence. Acamprosate is thought to stabilize the chemical balance in the brain that would otherwise be disrupted by alcoholism, possibly by blocking glutaminergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, while gamma-aminobutyric acid type A receptors are activated. Reports indicate that acamprosate only works with a combination of attending support groups and abstinence from alcohol. Certain serious side effects include allergic reactions, irregular heartbeats, and low or high blood pressure, while less serious side effects include headaches, insomnia, and impotence. Acamprosate should not be taken by people with kidney problems or allergies to the drug.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of abstinence from alcohol in patients with alcohol dependence who are abstinent at treatment initiation
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pentobarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A short-acting barbiturate that is effective as a sedative and hypnotic (but not as an anti-anxiety) agent and is usually given orally. It is prescribed more frequently for sleep induction than for sedation but, like similar agents, may lose its effectiveness by the second week of continued administration. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p236)
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Clorazepate
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A water-soluble benzodiazepine derivative effective in the treatment of anxiety. It has also muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant actions. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders or for the short-term relief of the symptoms of anxiety. Also used as adjunctive therapy in the management of partial seizures and for the symptomatic relief of acute alcohol withdrawal.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Estazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant, hypnotic, and muscle relaxant properties. It has been shown in some cases to be more potent than diazepam or nitrazepam. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term management of insomnia characterized by difficulty in falling asleep, frequent nocturnal awakenings, and/or early morning awakenings.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Alprazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A triazolobenzodiazepine compound with antianxiety and sedative-hypnotic actions, that is efficacious in the treatment of panic disorders, with or without agoraphobia, and in generalized anxiety disorders. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p238)
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorder or the short-term relief of symptoms of anxiety and for the treatment of panic disorder, with or without agoraphobia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  ETC-1001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-1001 is Pfizer’s lead oral small molecule product candidate which is intended to be a chronic treatment for individuals with lipid disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Triazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Withdrawn in the United Kingdom due to risk of psychiatric adverse drug reactions. This drug continues to be available in the U.S. Internationally, triazolam is a Schedule IV drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances.
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An alkaloid ester extracted from the leaves of plants including coca. It is a local anesthetic and vasoconstrictor and is clinically used for that purpose, particularly in the eye, ear, nose, and throat. It also has powerful central nervous system effects similar to the amphetamines and is a drug of abuse. Cocaine, like amphetamines, acts by multiple mechanisms on brain catecholaminergic neurons; the mechanism of its reinforcing effects is thought to involve inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the introduction of local (topical) anesthesia of accessible mucous membranes of the oral, laryngeal and nasal cavities.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Temazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine that acts as a gamma-aminobutyric acid modulator and anti-anxiety agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment of insomnia (generally 7-10 days).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cloxazolam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cloxazolam is a benzodiazepine with anxiolytic, sedative/hypnotic, muscle relaxant, and antiepileptic effects. It is marketed in the Argentina, Australia, Portugal, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Germany, Taiwan and Japan -- mainly for anti-anxiety. The usual dose of cloxazolam in adults is 3-12mg/day for anti-anxiety. Although less commonly noted, it has also been reported as clinically effective in the treatment of depression, schizophrenia, and neurosis. As well, it has also been studied in Japan in doses of 15-30mg/day as an adjunct in the treatment of intractable epilepsy, for which it has demonstrated effectiveness.
4. Indication:  Used primarily as an anti-anxiety agent. Typically used short term, and may be given as a single dose of up to 100mcg/kg to reduce anxiety and tension experienced prior to surgery. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Butabarbital
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Butabarbital (trade name Butisol) is a prescription barbiturate sleep aid. Butabarbital has a particularly fast onset of effects and short duration of action compared to other barbiturates, which makes it useful for certain applications such as treating severe insomnia and relieving anxiety before surgical procedures; however it is also relatively dangerous particularly when combined with alcohol, and so is now rarely used, although it is still prescribed in some Eastern European and South American countries. Its short duration of action gives butabarbital a high abuse potential, comparable to secobarbital. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of insomnia and anxiety disorders
