DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Magnesium sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A small colorless crystal used as an anticonvulsant, a cathartic, and an electrolyte replenisher in the treatment of pre-eclampsia and eclampsia. It causes direct inhibition of action potentials in myometrial muscle cells. Excitation and contraction are uncoupled, which decreases the frequency and force of contractions. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p1083)
4. Indication:  Used for immediate control of life-threatening convulsions in the treatment of severe toxemias (pre-eclampsia and eclampsia) of pregnancy and in the treatment of acute nephritis in children. Also indicated for replacement therapy in magnesium deficiency, especially in acute hypomagnesemia accompanied by signs of tetany similar to those of hypocalcemia. Also used in uterine tetany as a myometriat relaxant.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Urapidil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Urapidil has been investigated for the treatment of Hypertension During Pre-Eclampsia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hydralazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension, alone or as an adjunct. Also for the management of severe hypertension when the drug cannot be given orally or when blood pressure must be lowered immediately, congestive heart failure (in combination with cardiac glycosides and diuretics and/or with isosorbide dinitrate), and hypertension secondary to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CPD 923
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CPD 923 (N-butylgalactonorjirimycin) is an iminosugar and an analogue of ZavescaTM. It shows efficacy in vivo studies, as well as a favourable pre-clinical tolerability profile. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ETC-1001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-1001 is Pfizer’s lead oral small molecule product candidate which is intended to be a chronic treatment for individuals with lipid disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  TA-CIN
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rabies virus inactivated antigen, A
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rabies virus inactivated antigen, A is an inactivated virus vacine for the intramuscular injection. It is an active immunization against rabies that can be administered pre- or post-exposure to the rabies virus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  CP-945598
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-945598 is an investigational drug which is a Cannabinoid-1 (CB-1) receptor antagonist being developed for the treatment of obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in obesity.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  KX-01
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KX2-391 is a highly selective Src kinase inhibitor that has demonstrated efficacy in pre-clinical animal models of colon, pancreatic, prostate and breast cancer. It is a substrate-targeted kinase inhibitor. KX2-391, belongs to an emerging new family of targeted cancer treatments called protein kinase inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Betaprodine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic chemically related to and with an action resembling that of meperidine, but more rapid in onset and of shorter duration. It has been used in obstetrics, as pre-operative medication, for minor surgical procedures, and for dental procedures. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1067)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PREPHENIC ACID
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Anthrax vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anthrax vaccine is a vaccine used for the pre- or post-exposure prophylaxis of disease in at high risk of, suspected or confirmed exposure to Bacillus anthracis. It is subcutaneously or intramuscularly administered. It is derived from cell-free filtrates of microaerophilic cultures of an avirulent, nonencapsulated strain of Bacillus anthracis which are grown in a chemically defined protein-free medium [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Actelion-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actelion-1 is a tissue-targeting Endothelin Receptor Antagonist that has been discovered by Actelion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  TM30339
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TM30339 is an analogue of the natural hormone Pancreatic Polypeptide (PP), which is released in connection with meals. TM30339 works through the same receptor as the natural satiety hormone, Pancreatic Polypeptide (PP), but TM30339 has improved properties compared with PP. TM30339 thus imitates a natural mechanism, a satiety signal from the gastrointestinal system involved in the regulation of food intake in humans. TM30339 is developed for the treatment of obesity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  PSN9301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PSN9301 is an oral small molecule inhibitor of Dipeptidyl Peptidase IV (DP-IV), being developed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. PSN9301 has a very rapid onset and a relatively short duration of action, and available pre-clinical and clinical data indicate that it may be an ideal product candidate for meal-related dosing.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 1 and 2.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Baloxavir marboxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Baloxavir marboxil is a medication developed by Shionogi Co., a Japanese pharmaceutical company, for treatment of influenza A and influenza B. The drug was approved for use in Japan in February 2018 and is in late phase trials in the United States as of early 2018. Roche, which makes Tamiflu, has acquired the license to sell Xofluza internationally, but it may not be until 2019 that it could be available in the United States [7]. Interestingly, a study has determined that administering Baloxavir marboxil with neuraminidase inhibitors leads to a synergistic effect in influenza treatment [6].
4. Indication:  Influenza A and B virus infection [1, 2].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  MDX-018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MDX-018, also known as HuMax-Inflam, is a fully human antibody that is directed to IL-8 (interleukin-8) and may have potential application in oncology and inflammation. Trials will initially focus on studies to treat glioblastoma, a cancer of the central nervous system. Other possible indications include chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and pustular dermatoses. In pre-clinical studies, HuMax-Inflam has been shown to inhibit tumor growth in tumor models using primary human tumors in immunodeficient mice. HuMax-Inflam was also effective in reducing disease activity in palmoplantar pustulosis patients in a clinical study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Etryptamine
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In the 1960's, alpha-ethyltryptamine (αET), a non hydrazine reversible monoamine oxidase inhibitor, was developed in the United States by the Upjohn chemical company for use as an antidepressant. αET was an FDA approved antidepressant under the name Monase. However, in 1962, after the discovery of an unacceptable incidence of agranulocytosis, the development of Monase was halted and the drug was withdrawn from potential market use. In 1993, the US Drug Enforcement Administration added αET to Schedule I of its Schedules of Controlled Substances, after an increasing incidence of its use as a recreational drug in the 1980's. Currently, αET is an illegal substance; however, it's activity is still under scientific investigation. αET is a stimulant and hallucinogen, but it is less stimulating and hallucinogenic than alpha-methyltryptamine, a closely related compound. Instead, the effects of αET, a tryptamine derivative, more closely resemble the amphetamine derived drug 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA). Similarly to MDMA, αET has been shown to release serotonin pre-synaptically, as well as lesser amounts of norepinephrine and dopamine. Like MDMA, increases in locomotor activity and mood elevation can be seen post administration.
4. Indication:  Developed in the 1960's for use as an antidepressant before market withdrawal in 1962. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Obinutuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Obinutuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It was approved by the FDA in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Gazyva. There is a black box warning of fatal Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) reactivation and fatal Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML).
4. Indication:  Obinutuzumab is used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  substance P
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Homspera is a generic name used by the Company to describe the synthetic peptide Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P. Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species. All of the Company's research and development efforts are in early, pre-clinical stages and Homspera, also known as Viprovex and Radilex, has only undergone exploratory studies to evaluate its biological activity in small animals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and viral infection.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Epicatechin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Epicatechin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pre-diabetes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
