DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Metreleptin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metreleptin, a recombinant analog of the human hormone leptin, is an orphan drug used to treat complications of leptin deficiency in people with congenital or acquired lipodystrophy. Affecting less than 500 people worldwide, lipodystrophy is characterized by a lack of adipose tissue, fat deposition in the muscles and liver, and metabolic complications such as hypertriglyceridemia, insulin resistance, diabetes mellitus, and fatty liver disease. These metabolic abnormalities are often aggravated by excessive food intake, which is further aggravated by leptin deficiency, a protein secreted by adipose tissue. Administration of Metreleptin results in improvement of metabolic symptoms including improvements in insulin resistance, reduced HbA1c and fasting glucose, reduced triglycerides, and reductions in food intake. Metreleptin is produced in E. coli and differs from native human leptin by the addition of a methionine residue at its amino terminus. It is administered as a once daily subcutaneous injection. On Feb. 24, 2014, Metreleptin was approved by the FDA for the treatment of complications of leptin deficiency, in addition to diet, in patients with congenital generalized or acquired generalized lipodystrophy. Metreleptin is marketed under the brand Myalept® by Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Metreleptin is indicated as an adjunct to diet as replacement therapy to treat the complications of leptin deficiency in patients with congenital or acquired generalized lipodystrophy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Betahistine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Betahistine is an antivertigo drug first used for treating vertigo assosicated with Ménière's disease. It is also commonly used for patients with balance disorders.
4. Indication:  For the reduction of episodes of vertigo association with Ménière's disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Follitropin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Follitropin is a human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) preparation of recombinant DNA origin, which consists of two non-covalently linked, non-identical glycoproteins designated as the alpha- and beta- subunits. The alpha- and beta- subunits have 92 and 111 amino acids. The alpha subunit is glycosylated at Asn 51 and Asn 78 while the beta subunit is glycosylated at Asn 7 and Asn 24. Follitropin beta is produced in genetically engineered Chinese hamster cell lines (CHO). The nomenclature “beta” differentiates it from another recombinant human FSH product that was marketed earlier as follitropin alpha. Follitropin is important in the development of follicles produced by the ovaries. Given by subcutaneous injection, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF). Numerous physio-chemical tests and bioassays indicate that follitropin beta and follitropin alpha are indistinguishable. However, a more recent study showed there is may be a slight clinical difference, with the alpha form tending towards a higher pregnancy rate and the beta form tending towards a lower pregnancy rate, but with significantly higher estradiol (E2) levels. Structural analysis shows that the amino acid sequence of follitropin beta is identical to that of natural human follicle stimulating hormone (FSH). Further, the ogliosaccharide side chains are very similar, but not completely identical to that of natural FSH. However, these small differences do not affect the bioactivity compared to natural FSH.
4. Indication:  In women having been diagnosed with primary ovarian failure, it is used in combination with human chorionic gonadotropin (hCG) to assist in ovulation and fertility. In men with hypogonadotrophic hypogonadism, it is used to induce spermatogenesis. Follitropin may also be used to cause the ovary to produce several follicles, which can then be harvested for use in gamete intrafallopian transfer (GIFT) or in vitro fertilization (IVF).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Riamet
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Riamet has been investigated for the treatment of Malaria, Malaria, Falciparum, Malaria in Pregnancy, Uncomplicated Malaria, and Uncomplicated Knowlesi Malaria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Methoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic agonist that causes prolonged peripheral vasoconstriction. It has little if any direct effect on the central nervous system. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and management of hypotension.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lomitapide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomitapide is a microsomal triglyceride transfer protein (MTP) inhibitor used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients. It is marketed under the name Juxtapid (R).
4. Indication:  Used in homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (HoFH) patients to reduce low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), total cholesterol (TC), apolipoprotein B (apo B), and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (non-HDL-C).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Macitentan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Macitentan was approved in October 2013. It is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension, and is marketed under the brand name Opsumit. Macitentan is an antagonist/blocker of endothelin receptors on blood vessels and smooth muscle, and, thus, blocks the stimulation of vasculature hypertrophy, inflammation, fibrosis, proliferation, and vasoconstriction. Similar to all drugs acting on the renin-angiotensin system, macitentan is associated with embryo and fetal toxicity, so it should not be used in pregnancy and has special precautions that must be followed for all females of child-bearing age. 
4. Indication:  Macitentan is indicated for patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Enoxaparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin. Enoxaparin is used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa. Factor Xa catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, so enoxaparin's inhibition of this process results in decreased thrombin and ultimately the prevention of fibrin clot formation. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, and also for the prophylaxis of ischemic complications of unstable angina and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, when concurrently administered with aspirin.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Metaraminol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An adrenergic agonist that acts predominantly at alpha adrenergic receptors and also stimulates the release of norepinephrine. It has been used primarily as a vasoconstrictor in the treatment of hypotension. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of hypotension due to hemorrhage, spinal anesthesia, and shock associated with brain damage
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Indapamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzamide-sulfonamide-indole. It is called a thiazide-like diuretic but structure is different enough (lacking the thiazo-ring) so it is not clear that the mechanism is comparable. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension, alone or in combination with other antihypertensive drugs, as well as for the treatment of salt and fluid retention associated with congestive heart failure or edema from pregnancy (appropriate only in the management of edema of pathologic origin during pregnancy when clearly needed). Also used for the management of edema as a result of various causes.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Fenofibric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenofibrate is a third generation fibric acid derivative that is predominantly administered as monotherapy to decrease elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein B and alternatively to increase high-density lipoprotein cholesterol in patients diagnosed with primary hyperlipidemia or mixed dyslipidemia and to reduce triglycerides in patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia [FDA Label]. Fenofibrate however is generally extremely lipophilic, largely insoluble in water, and poorly absorbed [1]. As the primary active metabolite of fenofibrate however, various hydrophilic salt formulations of fenofibric acid have since been developed, resulting in therapeutic agents that demonstrate far greater solubility, absorption throughout the gastrointestinal tract, bioavailability, and capability to be administered irrespective of patient food intake [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunctive therapy to diet to: (a) reduce triglyceride levels in adult patients with severe hypertriglyceridemia, and (b) reduce elevated total cholesterol, low-density-lipoprotein (LDL-C), triglycerides, and apolipoprotein B, and to increase high-density-lipoprotein (HDL-C) in adult patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or mixed dyslipidemia (Fredrickson Types IIa and IIb). [FDA Label]
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Quinagolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Quinagolide is a non-ergot-derived selective dopamine D2 receptor agonist used for the treatment of elevated levels of prolactin or hyperprolactinaemia. Hyperprolalctinaemia is associated with gonadal dysfunction, including infertility and reduced libido, as well as long-term complications such as osteoporosis [1]. Newer dopamine receptor agonists such as quinagolide and Cabergoline are shown to effectively inhibit prolactin secretion with improved efficacy over Bromocriptine. These drugs are effective in patients who are intolerant or resistant to Bromocriptine. Quinagolide exists as a racemate and its relevant clinical activity is mediated predominantly by the (-) enantiomer. It is typically present in the hydrochloride salt form and is marketed as oral tablets under the brand name Norprolac contained as a racemate. Quinagolide is currently available in several countries including Canada, but not approved for treatment in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of hyperprolactinemia (idiopathic or originating from a prolactin-secreting pituitary microadenoma or macroadenoma).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ancrod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ancrod (current brand name: Viprinex) is a defibrinogenating agent derived from the venom of the Malayan pit viper. The defribrinogenation of blood results in an anticoagulant effect. Currently, Viprinex®/ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country, but is being investigated as a stroke treatment in worldwide clinical trials. In January 2005, the U.S. FDA granted a 'fast-track status' for investigation of ancrod use in patients suffering from acute ischemic stroke, a life threatening condition caused by the blockage of blood vessels supplying blood and oxygen to portions of the brain, for which phase III trials are currently being conducted.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of established deep vein thrombosis; central retinal and branch vein thrombosis; priapism; pulmonary hypertension of embolic origin; embolism after insertion of prosthetic cardiac valves; rethrombosis after thrombolytic therapy and rethrombosis after vascular surgery. It is also indicated for the prevention of deep venous thrombosis after repair of the fractured neck of a femur.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Riociguat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Riociguat is a soluble guanylate cyclase (sGC) agonist approved in the USA, Europe and several other regions for patients with group I PAH (pulmonary arterial hypertension) in WHO FC II or III; and for the treatment of patients with inoperable CTEPH (chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension), or persistent/recurrent PH (pulmonary hypertension) after pulmonary endarterectomy in WHO FC II or III. Riociguat is marketed under the brand Adempas® by Bayer HealthCare Pharmaceuticals. Treatment with riociguat costs USD $7,500 for 30 days of treatment. 
4. Indication:  Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with persistent/recurrent chronic thromboembolic pulmonary hypertension (CTEPH), (WHO Group 4) after surgical treatment, or inoperable CTEPH, to improve exercise capacity and WHO functional class.Riociguat is indicated for the treatment of adults with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH), (WHO Group 1), to improve exercise capacity, WHO functional class and to delay clinical worsening. Efficacy was shown in patients on Riociguat monotherapy or in combination with endothelin receptor antagonists or prostanoids. Studies establishing effectiveness included predominately patients with WHO functional class II–III and etiologies of idiopathic or heritable PAH (61%) or PAH associated with connective tissue diseases (25%).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Hydralazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting vasodilator that is used as an antihypertensive agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential hypertension, alone or as an adjunct. Also for the management of severe hypertension when the drug cannot be given orally or when blood pressure must be lowered immediately, congestive heart failure (in combination with cardiac glycosides and diuretics and/or with isosorbide dinitrate), and hypertension secondary to pre-eclampsia/eclampsia.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dipyridamole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phosphodiesterase inhibitor that blocks uptake and metabolism of adenosine by erythrocytes and vascular endothelial cells. Dipyridamole also potentiates the antiaggregating action of prostacyclin. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p752)
4. Indication:  For as an adjunct to coumarin anticoagulants in the prevention of postoperative thromboembolic complications of cardiac valve replacement and also used in prevention of angina.
