DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Cupric oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cupric oxide, or copper (II) oxide, is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula CuO. Cupric oxide is used as a precursor in many copper-containing products such as wood preservatives and ceramics.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Cholecalciferol
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Derivative of 7-dehydroxycholesterol formed by ultraviolet rays breaking of the C9-C10 bond. It differs from ergocalciferol in having a single bond between C22 and C23 and lacking a methyl group at C24.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin D deficiency or insufficiency, refractory rickets (vitamin D resistant rickets), familial hypophosphatemia and hypoparathyroidism, and in the management of hypocalcemia and renal osteodystrophy in patients with chronic renal failure undergoing dialysis. Also used in conjunction with calcium in the management and prevention of primary or corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pyridoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pyridoxine is the 4-methanol form of vitamin B6 and is converted to pyridoxal 5-phosphate in the body. Pyridoxal 5-phosphate is a coenzyme for synthesis of amino acids, neurotransmitters (serotonin, norepinephrine), sphingolipids, aminolevulinic acid. Although pyridoxine and vitamin B6 are still frequently used as synonyms, especially by medical researchers, this practice is erroneous and sometimes misleading. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin B6 deficiency and for the prophylaxis of isoniazid-induced peripheral neuropathy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Netupitant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netupitant is an antiemitic drug approved by the FDA in October 2014 for use in combination with palonosetron for the prevention of acute and delayed vomiting and nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy including highly emetogenic chemotherapy. Netupitant is a neurokinin 1 receptor antagonist. The combination drug is marketed by Eisai Inc. and Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.) Inc. under the brand Akynzeo®. 
4. Indication:  Netupitant is an antiemitic drug approved by the FDA in October 2014 for use in combination with palonosetron for the prevention of acute and delayed vomiting and nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy including highly emetogenic chemotherapy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Iron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A metallic element found in certain minerals, in nearly all soils, and in mineral waters. It is an essential constituent of hemoglobin, cytochrome, and other components of respiratory enzyme systems. Its chief functions are in the transport of oxygen to tissue (hemoglobin) and in cellular oxidation mechanisms. Depletion of iron stores may result in iron-deficiency anemia. Iron is used to build up the blood in anemia.
4. Indication:  Used in preventing and treating iron-deficiency anemia.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vitamin C
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A six carbon compound related to glucose. It is found naturally in citrus fruits and many vegetables. Ascorbic acid is an essential nutrient in human diets, and necessary to maintain connective tissue and bone. Its biologically active form, vitamin C, functions as a reducing agent and coenzyme in several metabolic pathways. Vitamin C is considered an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Used to treat vitamin C deficiency, scurvy, delayed wound and bone healing, urine acidification, and in general as an antioxidant. It has also been suggested to be an effective antiviral agent.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Calcium Carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Beta carotene
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Beta (β) carotene is the most common carotenoid synthesized by microorganisms and plants, giving a deep red-orange natural pigment to various fruits and vegetables. Beta-carotene has two cyclohexene type end groups and consists of two beta rings at the end group during the enzymatic cyclization of biosynthesis. It is a provitamin A carotenoid and is available as dietary supplements. Along with other carotenoids, beta carotene has antioxidant properties that disrupts the formation of free radicals through oxidation quenching. Beta-carotene is also a scavenger of peroxyl radicals. The potential benefit of beta carotene and other carotenoids in cancer treatment have been studied yet conclusions on their therapeutic efficacy remain undetermined.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Selexipag
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Selexipag was approved by the United States FDA on December 22, 2015 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization. PAH is a relatively rare disease with usually a poor prognosis requiring more treatment options to prolong long-term outcomes. Marketed by Actelion Pharmaceuticals under brand name Uptravi, selexipag and its active metabolite, ACT-333679 (MRE-269), act as agonists of the prostacyclin receptor to increase vasodilation in the pulmonary circulation and decrease elevated pressure in the blood vessels supplying blood to the lungs. 
4. Indication:  Selexipag is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Vitamin E
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A generic descriptor for all tocopherols and tocotrienols that exhibit alpha-tocopherol activity. By virtue of the phenolic hydrogen on the 2H-1-benzopyran-6-ol nucleus, these compounds exhibit varying degree of antioxidant activity, depending on the site and number of methyl groups and the type of isoprenoids.
4. Indication:  Vitamin E, known for its antioxidant activities, is protective against cardiovascular disease and some forms of cancer and has also demonstrated immune-enhancing effects. It may be of limited benefit in some with asthma and rheumatoid arthritis. It may be helpful in some neurological diseases including Alzheimer's, some eye disorders including cataracts, and diabetes and premenstrual syndrome. It may also help protect skin from ultraviolet irradiation although claims that it reverses skin aging, enhances male fertility and exercise performance are poorly supported. It may help relieve some muscle cramps.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Levocetirizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Levocetirizine is a third-generation non-sedative antihistamine indicated for the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria. It was developed from the second-generation antihistamine cetirizine. Levocetirizine is the R-enantiomer of the cetirizine racemate. Levocetirizine is an inverse agonist that decreases activity at histamine H1 receptors. This in turn prevents the release of other allergy chemicals and increased blood supply to the area, and provides relief from the typical symptoms of hay fever. It does not prevent the actual release of histamine from mast cells. Levocetirizine was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on May 25, 2007 and is marketed under the brand XYZAL® by sanofi-aventis U.S. LLC.
4. Indication:  Levocetirizine is indicated for the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis (seasonal and perennial) in adults and children 6 years of age and older. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Copper
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copper is a transition metal and a trace element in the body. It is important to the function of many enzymes including cytochrome c oxidase, monoamine oxidase and superoxide dismutase [FDA Label]. Copper is commonly used in contraceptive intrauterine devices (IUD) [5].
4. Indication:  For use in the supplementation of total parenteral nutrition and in contraception with intrauterine devices [FDA Label] [5].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Methohexital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An intravenous anesthetic with a short duration of action that may be used for induction of anesthesia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Methohexital is indicated for use as an intravenous anaesthetic. It has also been commonly used to induce deep sedation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Folic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (poaceae). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevention of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Riboflavin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nutritional factor found in milk, eggs, malted barley, liver, kidney, heart, and leafy vegetables. The richest natural source is yeast. It occurs in the free form only in the retina of the eye, in whey, and in urine; its principal forms in tissues and cells are as flavin mononucleotide and flavin-adenine dinucleotide.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ariboflavinosis (vitamin B2 deficiency).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nalmefene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nalmefene is a 6-methylene analogue of naltrexone and opioid system modulator but with no opioid activity [FDA Label]. It mediates a partial agonist effect on kappa receptors [2]. It is primarily used in the management of alcohol dependence in adult patients in conjunction with continuous psychosocial support focused on treatment adherence and reducing alcohol consumption [4] when it is exists as the hydrochloride dihydrate form under the trade name Selincro. Selincro is orally administered as tablets. Nalmefene works to reduce alcohol consumption in individuals by positive reward effect of alcohol which involves the opioid system, as well as the sedative and dysphoric properties of alcohol [2]. It is also indicated to prevent or reverse the effects of opioids, including respiratory depression, sedation, and hypotension by acting on the opioid receptor as an antagonist [FDA Label] under the trade name Revex for intramuscular, intravenous and subcutaneous injection, where nalmefene hydrochloride is an active ingredient.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the reduction of alcohol consumption in adult patients with alcohol dependence who have a high drinking risk level (DRL), without physical withdrawal symptoms and who do not require immediate detoxification [4].Indicated for the complete or partial reversal of opioid drug effects, including respiratory depression - induced by either natural or synthetic opioids - or in the management of known or suspected opioid overdose [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  NV-07a
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NV-07a is topical skin repair compound protecting skin from sun-induced immunosuppression and UV-induced damage.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin cancer and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Vanadium
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Netarsudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A Rho kinase inhibitor with norepinephrine transport inhibitory activity that reduces production of aqueousAs of December 18, 2017 the FDA approved Aerie Pharmaceutical's Rhopressa (netarsudil ophthalmic solution) 0.02% for the indication of reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Acting as both a rho kinase inhibitor and a norepinephrine transport inhibitor, Netarsudil is a novel glaucoma medication in that it specifically targets the conventional trabecular pathway of aqueous humour outflow to act as an inhibitor to the rho kinase and norepinephrine transporters found there as opposed to affecting protaglandin F2-alpha analog like mechanisms in the unconventional uveoscleral pathway that many other glaucoma medications demonstrate.
4. Indication:  Netarsudil is indicated for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure (IOP) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ALS-08
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALS-08 is a proprietary creatine-derivative that is being developed as a potential therapeutic for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). It is being developed by Avicena Group, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Potassium Iodide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Saturated solution of Potassium Iodide (SSKI) is used pharmaceutically for emergency use in patients experiencing acute symptoms of severe hyperglycemia (also known as thyroid storm or thyrotoxic crisis). SSKI can also be used for radioiodine-contamination emergencies or in preparation of thyrotoxic patients for thyroidectomy.
4. Indication:  Potassium Iodide is oral antithyroid agent. Potassium Iodide is used as an adjunct to other antithyroid agents in the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyrotoxicosis and preoperatively to induce thyroid involution.
