DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AP1903
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gavilimomab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Mirodenafil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirodenafil has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Kidney Diseases, Urologic Diseases, Renal Insufficiency, Erectile Dysfunction, and Male Erectile Dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Acadesine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Acadesine (AICA-riboside) is a purine nucleoside analog with anti-ischemic properties that is currently being studied (Phase 3) for the prevention of adverse cardiovascular outcomes in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. It is being developed jointly by PeriCor and Schering-Plough. Acadesine has been granted Orphan Drug Designation for B-CLL in the EU.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac reperfusion injury, cardiovascular disorders, and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Inclacumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Inclacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Myocardial Infarction, Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD), and Coronary Heart Disease, Graft Occlusion, Vascular.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ibrutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibrutinib is a small molecule that acts as an irreversible potent inhibitor of Burton's tyrosine kinase. It is designated as a targeted covalent drug and it presents a very promising activity in B cell malignancies.[4] Ibrutinib was developed by Pharmacyclics Inc and in November 2013 was FDA-approved for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma. Later, in February 2014, ibrutinib was approved for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and it is also indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenström's Macroglobulinemia.[13] Ibrutinib has also been approved by the EMA for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma.[4] Ibrutinib was approved for use in chronic graft versus host disease in August 2017 [12].
4. Indication:  Ibrutinib acquired an accelerated approval for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma who have received at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) is a B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that develops in the outer edge of a lymph node. MCL is usually diagnosed at late stages and it is easily spread into bone marrow, spleen, liver and gastrointestinal tract.[14]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] CLL is a type of cancer caused by an overproduction of lymphocytes by the bone marrow. Some of the symptoms include swollen lymph nodes and tiredness.[15]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion.[FDA Label] CLL with 17p is a type of leukemia in which a deletion in 17p disrupts the tumor suppressor p53 by deleting one allele of the TP53 gene. The remaining allele is mainly inactivated and thus, this type of leukemia is unresponsive to p53-dependent treatments.[5]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia (WM).[FDA Label] WM, also called lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma, is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in which the cancer cells make large amounts of macroglobulin. The macroglobulin is a monoclonal protein that corresponds to the type of IgM antibodies and the unrestricted formation of this protein causes typical symptoms such as excessive bleeding and effects in vision and nervous system.[16]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  N,N-dimethylarginine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Asymmetric dimethylarginine (ADMA) is a naturally occurring chemical found in blood plasma. It is a metabolic by-product of continual protein modification processes in the cytoplasm of all human cells. It is closely related to L-arginine, a conditionally-essential amino acid. ADMA interferes with L-arginine in the production of nitric oxide, a key chemical to endothelial and hence cardiovascular health. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  EG004
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EG004 is a novel product consisting of a local delivery device and a gene-based medicine, being developed to prevent the blocking of veins and arteries that frequently occurs after vascular surgery. The initial target market is haemodialysis graft access surgery, a procedure in which patients whose kidneys have failed have a plastic tube grafted between blood vessels generally in their forearm so that their blood can be regularly filtered using a dialysis machine. EG004 has completed a Phase II trial, this being the first part of the Phase II/III study for which it has received approval from the US Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and kidney disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Neocartilage
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Neocartilage, a novel cartilage regeneration treatment. Neocartilage is generated from juvenile rather than adult chondrocytes. Neocartilage is the only scaffold-free living cartilage graft on the market. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Belatacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Belatacept is a soluble fusion protein, which links the extracellular domain of human cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen 4 (CTLA-4) to the modified Fc (hinge, CH2, and CH3 domains) portion of human immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1). Structurally, abatacept is a glycosylated fusion protein with a MALDI-MS molecular weight of 92,300 Da and it is a homodimer of two homologous polypeptide chains of 357 amino acids each. It is produced through recombinant DNA technology in mammalian CHO cells. The drug has activity as a selective co-stimulation modulator with inhibitory activity on T lymphocytes. It is approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Belatacept selectively blocks the process of T-cell activation. It was developed by Bristol-Myers-Squibb. It differs from abatacept (Orencia) by only 2 amino acids. FDA approved on June 15, 2011.
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of organ rejection. It is also used concomitantly with basiliximumab for induction therapy, mycophenolate, and corticosteriods in kidney transplant recepients that are seropositive for the Epstein-Barr virus. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sulbutiamine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Sulbutiamine is a synthetic derivative of thiamine (vitamin B1) under the market name Arcalion that is composed of two modified thiamine molecules to form a dimer. Due to its highly lipophilic property, sulbutiamine crosses the blood-brain barrier more readily than thiamine and increases the levels of thiamine and thiamine phosphate esters in the brain [Wikipedia]. Although its clinical efficacy is not yet defined, sulbutiamine is used to treat asthenia. While its other uses include improvement of erectile dysfunction and reduction of psycho-behavioural inhibition, sulbutiamine showed evidence of modulatory effect on dopaminergic and glutamatergic cortical transmissions. The chronic administration of the drug has demonstrated to improve long term memory formation in mice.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Siplizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, transplant (rejection), graft versus host disease, lymphoma (unspecified), and leukemia (unspecified).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iodixanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodixanol is a nonionic hydrophilic compound commonly used as a contrast agent during coronary angiography, particularly in individuals with renal dysfunction, as it is believed to be less toxic to the kidneys than most other intravascular contrast agents.
4. Indication:  Iodixanol is a contrast agent during coronary angiography.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Avanafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of erectile dysfunction in males. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  CX501
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cx501 is used to treat epidermolysis bullosa (EB), a rare genetic condition which can lead to contraction of the joints, fusion of fingers and toes, contraction of the mouth membranes and narrowing of the oesophagus. It is developed by Cellerix and is in phase I of clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Imidafenacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Imidafenacin is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class. It antagonizes mucarinic receptors in the bladder to reduce the frequency of urination in the treatment of overactive bladder. It is marketed in Japan under the tradenames Staybla by Ono Pharmaceutical and Uritos by Kyojin Pharmaceutical.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of overactive bladder [FDA Label].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Galsulfase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Galsufase is a variant form of the polymorphic human enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine 4-sulfatase of recombinant DNA origin. Galsulfase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 56 kD. The recombinant protein is comprised of 495 amino acids and contains six asparagine-linked glycosylation sites, four of which carry a bis mannose-6-phosphate manose7 oligosaccharide for specific cellular recognition. Post-translational modification of Cys53 produces the catalytic amino acid residue Ca-formylglycine, which is required for enzyme activity and is conserved in all members of the sulfatase enzyme family.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults and children with Mucopolysaccharidosis VI.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Elosulfase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Elosulfase alfa is a synthetic version of the enzyme N-acetylgalactosamine-6-sulfatase. It was approved by the FDA in 2014 for the treatment of Morquio syndrome. Elosulfase alfa was developed by BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. and is marketed under the brand Vimizim™. The recommended dose is 2 mg per kg given intravenously over a minimum range of 3.5 to 4.5 hours, based on infusion volume, once every week.
4. Indication:  Vimizim is a hydrolytic lysosomal glycosaminoglycan (GAG)-specific enzyme indicated for patients with Mucopolysaccharidosis type IVA (MPS IVA; Morquio A syndrome). 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Memantine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Memantine is an amantadine derivative with low to moderate-affinity for NMDA receptors. It is a noncompetitive NMDA receptor antagonist that binds preferentially to NMDA receptor-operated cation channels. It blocks the effects of excessive levels of glutamate that may lead to neuronal dysfunction. It is under investigation for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, but there has been no clinical support for the prevention or slowing of disease progression.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe dementia of the Alzheimer's type.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Trastuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant IgG1 kappa, humanized monoclonal antibody that selectively binds with high affinity in a cell-based assay (Kd = 5 nM) to the extracellular domain of the human epidermal growth factor receptor protein. Produced in CHO cell culture.In December 2017, FDA approved Ogivri (trastuzumab-dkst) as a biosimilar to Herceptin (trastuzumab) for the treatment of patients with breast or metastatic stomach cancer (gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma) whose tumors overexpress the HER2 gene (HER2+). It displays biosimilar properties as Herceptin according to clinical data. While Ogivri is the first biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of breast cancer or stomach cancer, it is the second biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cancer.
4. Indication:  For treatment of early stage HER2-positive breast cancer, or metastatic breast cancer that substantially overexpress HER2.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Turpentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Turpentine (also called spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine and colloquially turps) is a fluid obtained by the distillation of resin obtained from live trees, mainly pines. It is mainly used as a solvent and as a source of materials for organic synthesis. Turpentine is composed of terpenes, mainly the monoterpenes alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with lesser amounts of carene, camphene, dipentene, and terpinolene.
4. Indication:  Turpentine has been used experimentally in a bath for the treatment of disseminated sclerosis and sexual dysfunction. It also has been studied for its antibacterial activity and inhibition of osteoclast activity. Turpentine is utilized in experimental models of inflammation to induce a systemic inflammatory immune response in animals.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Modafinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Modafinil is a stimulant drug marketed as a 'wakefulness promoting agent' and is one of the stimulants used in the treatment of narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is caused by dysfunction of a family of wakefulness-promoting and sleep-suppressing peptides, the orexins, whose neurons are activated by modafinil. The prexin neuron activation is associated with psychoactivation and euphoria. The exact mechanism of action is unclear, although in vitro studies have shown it to inhibit the reuptake of dopamine by binding to the dopamine reuptake pump, and lead to an increase in extracellular dopamine. Modafinil activates glutamatergic circuits while inhibiting GABA.
4. Indication:  To improve wakefulness in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy.
