DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Furazolidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
4. Indication:  For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Carbenicillin indanyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carindacillin (INN), also known as Carbenicillin indanyl (USAN) is a penicillin antibiotic. It is a prodrug of carbenicillin. It is administered orally, as the sodium salt. It is no longer marketed in the United states, but used to be marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Geocillin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Morganella morganii, Providencia rettgeri, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas, Enterobacter, and Enterococci.). Also indicated in the treatment of prostatitis (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli Enterococcus (S. faecalis), Proteus mirabilis Enterobacter sp.).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nalidixic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A synthetic 1,8-naphthyridine antimicrobial agent with a limited bacteriocidal spectrum. It is an inhibitor of the A subunit of bacterial DNA gyrase. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms, including the majority of E. Coli, Enterobacter species, Klebsiella species, and Proteus species.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Avibactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options. 
4. Indication:  AVYCAZ (ceftazidime-avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii, Proteus spp., and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cinoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Synthetic antimicrobial related to oxolinic acid and nalidixic acid and used in urinary tract infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of initial and recurrent urinary tract infections in adults caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Proteus vulgaris, Klebsiella species (including K. pneumoniae), and Enterobacter species.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Carbenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad-spectrum semisynthetic penicillin derivative used parenterally. It is susceptible to gastric juice and penicillinase and may damage platelet function. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria due to susceptible strains of bacteria.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Glucagon-like peptide II
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glucagon-like peptide II is under investigation for the basic science of Short Bowel Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cephalexin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with antimicrobial activity similar to that of cephaloridine or cephalothin, but somewhat less potent. It is effective against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes; otitis media due to Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Moraxella catarrhalis; skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Streptococcus pyogenes; bone infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Proteus mirabilis; genitourinary tract infections, including acute prostatitis, caused by Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  DDP733
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sulfadimethoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sulfadimethoxine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. Sulfadimethoxine is used to treat many infections including treatment of respiratory, urinary tract, enteric, and soft tissue infections. It is most frequently used in veterinary medicine, although it is approved in some countries for use in humans. Sulfadimethoxine inhibits bacterial synthesis of folic acid (pteroylglutamic acid) from para-aminobenzoic acid. Sulfadimethoxine is approved in Russia for use in humans, including children, and has been successfully used there for more than 35 years. It is widely available in Russia as an over-the-counter drug manufactured by a number of Russian pharmaceutical companies.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  LX1031
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX1031 is an orally-dosed drug candidate for irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders. LX1031 was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists, and its target was internally identified as a key control point for the regulation of peripheral serotonin levels. LX1031 is designed to act locally in the gastrointestinal tract by reducing the serotonin available for receptor activation, without affecting serotonin levels in the brain or its central nervous system functions.
4. Indication:  Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and other gastrointestinal disorders
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  CAM-2029
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAM2029 is a new ready-to-use, long-acting octreotide formulation being developed for the long-term treatment of acromegaly, carcinoid syndrome and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP)-producing tumours. CAM2029 was found to provide long-acting release of octreotide resulting in a statistically significant suppression of a clinical biomarker insulin-like growth factor 1 (IGF-1) over the target one-month therapeutic period.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acromegaly and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Milatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Milatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Multiple Myeloma (MM), GVHD (Acute or Chronic), Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Idursulfase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Idursulfase is a purified form of human iduronate-2-sulfatase, a lysosomal enzyme. Idursulfase is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a human cell line. Idursulfase is an enzyme that hydrolyzes the 2-sulfate esters of terminal iduronate sulfate residues from the glycosaminoglycans dermatan sulfate and heparan sulfate in the lysosomes of various cell types. Idursulfase is a 525-amino acid glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 76 kilodaltons. The enzyme contains eight asparagine-linked glycosylation sites occupied by complex oligosaccharide structures. The enzyme activity of idursulfase is dependent on the post-translational modification of a specific cysteine to formylglycine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hunter syndrome in adults and children ages 5 and older.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Methenamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Methenamine is a heterocyclic organic compound with a cage-like structure similar to adamantane. In salt form it is used for the treatment of urinary tract infection (Example: methenamine hippurate which is the hippuric acid salt of methenamine).
4. Indication:  For prophylactic or suppressive treatment of frequently recurring urinary tract infections when long-term therapy is considered necessary. This drug is not used to treat infection and should only be used after appropriate eradication of infection with antimicrobial agents.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fosdevirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection and acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ghrelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ghrelin has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Cancer, Alcoholism, Metabolism, Hypopituitarism, and Frailty Syndrome, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
