DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tradipitant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tradipitant has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Eczema, Pruritus, Gastroparesis, Chronic Pruritus, and Atopic Dermatitis, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Hydroxyzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite cetirizine, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of anxiety and tension associated with psychoneurosis and as an adjunct in organic disease states in which anxiety is manifested. Useful in the management of pruritus due to allergic conditions such as chronic urticaria.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  PAC-14028
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-14028 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Pruritus, Papulopustular Rosacea, and Erythematotelangiectatic Rosacea.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Diphenylpyraline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diphenylpyraline is an antihistamine. Antihistamines used in the treatment of allergy act by competing with histamine for H 1-receptor sites on effector cells. Antihistamines prevent, but do not reverse, responses mediated by histamine alone. Antihistamines antagonize, in varying degrees, most of the pharmacological effects of histamine, including urticaria and pruritus.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, hay fever, and allergic skin disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Clemastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ethanolamine-derivative, first generation histamine H1 antagonist used in hay fever, rhinitis, allergic skin conditions, and pruritus. It causes drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus and acrimation. Also for the management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Used as self-medication for temporary relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Chlorcyclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chlorcyclizine is a first generation phenylpiperazine class antihistamine used to treat urticaria, rhinitis, pruritus, and other allergy symptoms. Chlorcyclizine also has some local anesthetic, anticholinergic, and antiserotonergic properties, and can be used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Levomenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bisabolol, or more formally α-(−)-bisabolol or also known as levomenol, (-)-alpha-Bisabolol is found in fats and oils. (-)-alpha-Bisabolol is isolated from essential oil of Matricaria chamomilla (German chamomile) (-)-alpha-Bisabolol belongs to the family of Sesquiterpenes. These are terpenes with three consecutive isoprene units.
4. Indication:  Levomenol is known to have anti-irritant, anti-inflammatory and anti-microbial properties. Bisabolol is also demonstrated to enhance the percutaneous absorption of certain molecules
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Oxiconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxiconazole nitrate (U.S.: Oxistat, Canada: Oxizole) is an antifungal medication typically administered in a cream or lotion to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch and ringworm. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of dermal fungal infection.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Raxibacumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Raxibacumab is a human IgG1λ monoclonal antibody that binds the protective antigen (PA) component of B. anthracis toxin. Raxibacumab has a molecular weight of approximately 146 kilodaltons. Raxibacumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a murine cell expression system. FDA approved on December 14, 2012.
4. Indication:  Raxibacumab is indicated for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients with inhalational anthrax due to Bacillus anthracis in combination with appropriate antibacterial drugs, and for prophylaxis of inhalational anthrax when alternative therapies are not available or are not appropriate. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sodium aurothiomalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.
4. Indication:  As anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of arthritis. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, DMARD.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Peginterferon beta-1a
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon beta-1a is an interferon beta-1a to which a single, linear 20,000 dalton (Da) methoxy poly(ethyleneglycol)-O-2-methylpropionaldehyde (PEG) molecule is covalently attached to the alpha amino group of the N-terminal amino acid residue. The amino acid sequence of the recombinant interferon beta-1a is identical to that of the human interferon beta counterpart. Although it's mechanism of action is unknown, peginterferon beta-1a is indicated for use in relapsing forms of Multiple Sclerosis (MS).Interferon beta was the first drug to alter the course of MS, however multiple side effects and the need for weekly subcutaneous injection make it difficult to use. Interferon beta was subsequently PEGylated (covalently attached to polyethylene glycol) to extend its duration of action to every 14 days. It is currently available as peginterferon beta-1a as the FDA-approved product Plegridy.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Acrivastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acrivastine is a triprolidine analog antihistamine indicated for the treatment of allergies and hay fever. As an H1 receptor antagonist, it functions by blocking the action of histamine at this receptor thereby preventing the symptoms associated with histamine release such as pruritis, vasodilation, hypotension, edema, bronchoconstriction, and tachycardia. Acrivastine is currently available in combination with pseudoephedrine as the FDA-approved product Semprex-D. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis such as sneezing, rhinorrhea, pruritus, lacrimation, and nasal congestion.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Astemizole
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Astemizole is a long-acting, non-sedating second generation antihistamine used in the treatment of allergy symptoms. It was withdrawn from market by the manufacturer in 1999 due to the potential to cause arrhythmias at high doses, especially when when taken with CYP inhibitors or grapefruit juice.
4. Indication:  Astemizole was indicated for use in the relieving allergy symptoms, particularly rhinitis and conjunctivitis. It has been withdrawn from the market however due to concerns of arrhythmias.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. The quantitation of in vitro IgE antibodies to the benzylpenicilloyl determinant is a useful tool for evaluating allergic subjects.
4. Indication:  For use as a adjunct in assessing the risk of administering penicillin (benzylpenicillin or penicillin G).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cholestyramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholestyramine or colestyramine is a bile acid sequestrant. Bile acid sequestrants are polymeric compounds which serve as ion exchange resins. Cholestyramine resin is quite hydrophilic, but insoluble in water.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated serum cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (elevated low density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol) who do not respond adequately to diet. Also for the relief of pruritus associated with partial biliary obstruction.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Pimecrolimus
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimecrolimus is an immunomodulating agent used in the treatment of atopic dermatitis (eczema). It is currently available as a topical cream, once marketed by Novartis, (however Galderma will be promoting the molecule in Canada in early 2007) under the trade name Elidel. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild to moderate atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ipilimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ipilimumab, a recombinant human monoclonal antibody (IgG1 kappa immunoglobin), is an antineoplastic agent developed by Bristol-Myers Squibb and Medarex for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. Ipilimumab received FDA approved on March 25, 2011. In October 2015, the FDA approved expanded the indications for Ipilimumab, allowing it to be used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
4. Indication:  Ipilimumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults. It is also used to reduce the risk of the deadly skin cancer returning after surgery.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Methimazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioureylene antithyroid agent that inhibits the formation of thyroid hormones by interfering with the incorporation of iodine into tyrosyl residues of thyroglobulin. This is done by interfering with the oxidation of iodide ion and iodotyrosyl groups through inhibition of the peroxidase enzyme. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperthyroidism, goiter, Graves disease and psoriasis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Viloxazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Viloxazine is a selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) that was used in some European countries as an antidepressant drug. It structurally differs from conventional tri- or tetra-cyclic antidepressants and it does not produce sedative anticholinergic or adrenergic effects in man [1]. While displaying amphetamine-like CNS stimulant effects, there is little evidence of drug dependence from viloxazine therapy. Viloxazine hydrochloride is a common active ingredient in drug formulation. It was discovered and brought to market in 1976 by Imperial Chemical Industries and in early 2000's, it was withdrawn from the market.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of clinical depression.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ethambutol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antitubercular agent that inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus. It may also inhibit the synthesis of spermidine in mycobacteria. The action is usually bactericidal, and the drug can penetrate human cell membranes to exert its lethal effect. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p863)
4. Indication:  For use, as an adjunct, in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
