DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tideglusib
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tideglusib is under the investigation for the development of treatments for Alzheimer's disease and for progressive supranuclear palsy. It is reported to be a potent anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective that is a non-ATP competitive inhibitor of glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK-3).[1] Tideglusib is being developed by the Spanish pharmaceutic company Zeltia group and its current status is withdrawn for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease as of 2012.
4. Indication:  Tideglusib was initially formulated for the treatment of Alzheimer and progressive supranuclear palsy.[1] The raising interest for the use of tideglusib comes from the significant upregulation of GSK-3 in the brain in patients with Alzheimer disease. Its function as a degradant of β-catenin, was also important, as it prevents the transcription of cell survival genes. All these factors have directed current research towards this kinase as a potential target.[3] Alzheimer disease is the most prevalent form of dementia. The most accepted hypothesis to explain this disease is related to the presence of amyloid β, which triggers a cascade that will alter the Tau protein and provoke synaptic dysfunction and neuronal death.[4] GSK-3 importance in the tissue repair pathway has also pointed out a novel application for tideglusib. Thus, it is also under the research for the natural repair treatment of deep caries lesions.[2] 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Davunetide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Davunetide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Progressive Nonfluent Aphasia, Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, Predicted Tauopathies, Including, Corticobasal Degeneration Syndrome, and Frontotemporal Dementia With Parkinsonism Linked to Chromosome 17.Davunetide is the first drug to improve memory performance by impacting the mechanisms that lead to physical damage in the brain caused by neurofibrillary tangles, one of the two established pathological hallmarks that are common to amnestic mild cognitive impairment (aMCI) and Alzheimer's disease (AD). Davunetide is derived from a naturally occurring neuroprotective brain protein known as activity dependent neuroprotective protein.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Desoxycorticosterone Pivalate
2. Groups:  Experimental, Vet approved
3. Description:  Desoxycorticosterone Pivalate is a mineralocorticoid hormone and an analog of desoxycorticosterone. It is white, odorless, and stable in air. It is practically insoluble in water, sparingly soluble in acetone, slightly soluble in methanol, ether and vegetable oils. Federal (U.S.A.) law restricts this drug to use by or on the order of a licensed veterinarian.
4. Indication:  Examined for treatment of adrenocortical insufficiency especially in multiple sclerosis, congenital cerebral palsy, polyarteritis nodosa, and rheumatoid arthritis. Currently only approved in treating cats and dogs for the treatment of Addison's disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tolfenamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolfenamic acid, with the formula N-(2-methyl-3-chlorphenyl)-anthranilic acid, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent.[2] It was discovered by scientists at Medica Pharmaceutical Company in Finland. It is used in the UK as a treatment for migraine under the name of Clotam.[10] In the US, it presents a Status class I by the FDA. By the European Medicine Agency, it was granted in 2016 with the status of orphan for the treatment of supranuclear palsy.[9]
4. Indication:  In the information for tolfenamic acid, it is stated that this drug, being an NSAID, is effective in treating the pain associated with the acute attack of migraines in adults.[11]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Acetylcarnitine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acetylcarnitine is an investigational drug in the United states, Italy, United Kingdom, China, Israel, and Norway, and it is approved in Italy, Portugal, Argentina, Chile, Philippines, Australia, and India. Acetylcarnitine can be synthesized, but it is also naturally found in adequate amounts in healthy humans. In human plasma and tissues, acetylcarnitine is the most predominant acylated ester of carnitine, which is an amino acid derivative that is made in the kidney, liver, and brain from lysine and methionine. The main role of acetylcarnitine is to help transport fatty acids into the mitochondrial matrix where fatty acid metabolism occurs.
4. Indication:  Acetylcarnitine is not approved for any indication in the United states and Canada, but it is approved and indicated in Italy for cerebrovascular disorders, mental function disorders, peripheral nerve disorders, diabetic neuropathy, and nutritional supplementation; Portugal for mental function disorders; Argentina for cerebral vasculopathy, nutritional supplementation, and peripheral neuropathy; Chile for dementia; Philippines for cerebrovascular disorders and mental function disorders; Australia for nutritional supplementation; and India for nutritional supplementation to increase sperm count. Acetylcarnitine also has several potential therapeutic indications for which it is still being investigated: in Norway, acetylcarnitine is in a phase IV trial for prophylactic treatment of migraines; in Italy acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for use in patients with type 2 Diabetes Mellitus, a phase III trial for alleviating fatigue in patients with chronic hepatitis C, and for use in patients with Minimal Hepatic Encephalopathy; in the United States acetylcarnitine is in a phase II trial for the neurodegenerative disorder Progressive Supranuclear Palsy, a phase II and III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy, a phase I and II trial for treating patients in septic shock, a phase II trial for bipolar depression, a phase II trial to reduce oxidative stress in patients with Sickle Cell disease, a phase I and II trial for chronic fatigue syndrome, and a study for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; in China acetylcarnitine is in a phase III trial for reducing peripheral neuropathy in cancer patients as an adjunct to chemotherapy; in the United Kingdom acetylcarnitine is being investigated for preventing nerve damage in HIV patients; and in Israel acetylcarnitine is being studied for the treatment of male infertility.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
