DrugId:  1
1. Name:  KB001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB001 is a Humaneered™ PEGylated monoclonal antibody fragment for the treatment of life-threatening Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections, a common problem of cystic fibrosis and mechanically ventilated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by multi-drug resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tobramycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the pseudomonas species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, nebramycin, produced by the same species. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infections. Also being investigated for use in the treatment of sinus infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Avibactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options. 
4. Indication:  AVYCAZ (ceftazidime-avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii, Proteus spp., and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Colistimethate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Colistimethate is an antibiotic that has been shown to have bactericidal activity against aerobic gram-negative microorganisms. Colistimethate is particularly indicated when the infection is caused by sensitive strains of Pseudomonas aeruginosa. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute or chronic infections due to sensitive strains of certain gram-negative bacilli, particularly Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cefepime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefepime is a fourth-generation cephalosporin antibiotic developed in 1994. Cefepime has an extended spectrum of activity against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria, with greater activity against both Gram-negative and Gram-positive organisms than third-generation agents. Cefepime is usually reserved to treat severe nosocomial pneumonia, infections caused by multi-resistant microorganisms (e.g. Pseudomonas aeruginosa) and empirical treatment of febrile neutropenia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pneumonia (moderate to severe) caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Enterobacter species. Also for empiric treatment of febrile neutropenic patients and uncomplicated and complicated urinary tract infections (including pyelonephritis) caused by Escherichia coli or Klebsiella pneumoniae, when the infection is severe, or caused by Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, or Proteus mirabilis, when the infection is mild to moderate, including cases associated with concurrent bacteremia with these microorganisms. Also for the treatment of uncomplicated skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus (methicillin-susceptible strains only) or Streptococcus pyogenes and complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole) caused by Escherichia coli, viridans group streptococci, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Enterobacter species, or Bacteroides fragilis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Aztreonam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum. It is resistant to beta-lactamases and is used in gram-negative infections, especially of the meninges, bladder, and kidneys. It may cause a superinfection with gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms: urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, septicemia, skin and skin-structure infections, intra-abdominal infections, and gynecologic infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Amdinocillin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Amidinopenicillanic acid derivative with broad spectrum antibacterial action. It is poorly absorbed if given orally and is used in urinary infections and typhus. Amdinocillin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of urinary tract infections caused by some strains of E. coli and klebsiella and enterobacter species. Used mainly against Gram negative organisms.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Meropenem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Meropenem is a broad-spectrum carbapenem antibiotic. It is active against Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Meropenem exerts its action by penetrating bacterial cells readily and interfering with the synthesis of vital cell wall components, which leads to cell death.In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name vabomere was approved for treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of meropenem and Vaborbactam and is intravenously admininstered. The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms and achieve negative urine culture, where the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.
4. Indication:  For use as single agent therapy for the treatment of the following infections when caused by susceptible isolates of the designated microorganisms: complicated skin and skin structure infections due to Staphylococcus aureus (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase producing, methicillin-susceptible isolates only), Streptococcus pyogenes, Streptococcus agalactiae, viridans group streptococci, Enterococcus faecalis (excluding vancomycin-resistant isolates), Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Bacteroides fragilis and Peptostreptococcus species; complicated appendicitis and peritonitis caused by viridans group streptococci, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Bacteroides fragilis, B. thetaiotaomicron, and Peptostreptococcus species. Also for use in the treatment of bacterial meningitis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae (b-lactamase and non-b-lactamase-producing isolates), and Neisseria meningitidis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Colistin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclic polypeptide antibiotic from Bacillus colistinus. It is composed of Polymyxins E1 and E2 (or Colistins A, B, and C) which act as detergents on cell membranes. Colistin is less toxic than Polymyxin B, but otherwise similar; the methanesulfonate is used orally.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute or chronic infections due to sensitive strains of certain gram-negative bacilli, particularly Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Amikacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Amikacin is a semi-synthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic derived from kanamycin A. Similar to other aminoglycosides, amikacin disrupts bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the 30S ribosome of susceptible organisms. Binding interferes with mRNA binding and tRNA acceptor sites leading to the production of non-functional or toxic peptides. Other mechanisms not fully understood may confer the bactericidal effects of amikacin. Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  For short-term treatment of serious infections due to susceptible strains of Gram-negative bacteria, including Pseudomonas species, Escherichia coli, species of indole-positive and indole-negative Proteus, Providencia species, Klebsiella-Enterobacter-Serratia species, and Acinetobacter (Mima-Herellea) species. Amikacin may also be used to treat Mycobacterium avium and Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Temafloxacin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Temafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic drug which was withdrawn from sale in the U.S. shortly after its approval in 1992 because of serious adverse reactions resulting in three deaths. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections, genital and urinary infections like prostatitis, and skin infections.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Enoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults (≥18 years of age) with the following infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urethral or cervical gonorrhea due to Neisseria gonorrhoeae, (2) uncomplicated urinary tract infections (cystitis) due to Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Staphylococcus saprophyticus, and (3) complicated urinary tract infections due to Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Enterobacter cloacae.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cefpiramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefpiramide is a third-generation cephalosporin antibiotic. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of severe infections caused by susceptible bacteria such as P. aeruginosa.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Carbenicillin indanyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Carindacillin (INN), also known as Carbenicillin indanyl (USAN) is a penicillin antibiotic. It is a prodrug of carbenicillin. It is administered orally, as the sodium salt. It is no longer marketed in the United states, but used to be marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Geocillin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, Morganella morganii, Providencia rettgeri, Proteus vulgaris, Pseudomonas, Enterobacter, and Enterococci.). Also indicated in the treatment of prostatitis (due to susceptible strains Escherichia coli Enterococcus (S. faecalis), Proteus mirabilis Enterobacter sp.).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Azlocillin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic ampicillin-derived acylureido penicillin. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Escherichia coli, and Haemophilus influenzae.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Lomefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: S.pneumoniae, H.influenzae, S.aureus, P.aeruginosa, E. cloacae, P. mirabilis, C. civersus, S. asprphyticus, E.coli, and K.pneumoniae.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cefotiam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the cephalosporins that has a broad spectrum of activity against both gram-positive and gram-negative microorganisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of severe infections caused by susceptible bacteria.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Carbenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad-spectrum semisynthetic penicillin derivative used parenterally. It is susceptible to gastric juice and penicillinase and may damage platelet function. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic infections of the upper and lower urinary tract and in asymptomatic bacteriuria due to susceptible strains of bacteria.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cefoperazone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Semisynthetic broad-spectrum cephalosporin with a tetrazolyl moiety that is resistant to beta-lactamase. It has been proposed especially against Pseudomonas infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Arbekacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An semisynthetic aminoglycoside antibiotic. Often used for treatment of multi-resistant bacterial infection such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).Amikacin is also nephrotoxic and ototoxic.
4. Indication:  Arbekacin is used for the short term treatment of multi-resistant bacterial infections, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  2-hydroxy-6-oxo-6-phenyl-2,4-hexadienoic acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Metabolic product of biphenyl; from Pseudomonas putida.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Gentamicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A complex of three different closely related aminoglycoside sulfates, Gentamicins C1, C2, and C1a, obtained from Micromonospora purpurea and related species. They are broad-spectrum antibiotics, but may cause ear and kidney damage. They act to inhibit protein synthesis (genetic translation).
4. Indication:  For treatment of serious infections caused by susceptible strains of the following microorganisms: P. aeruginosa, Proteus species (indole-positive and indole-negative), E. coli, Klebsiella-Enterobactor-Serratia species, Citrobacter species and Staphylococcus species (coagulase-positive and coagulase-negative).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Kanamycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Kanamycin (also known as kanamycin A) is an aminoglycoside bacteriocidal antibiotic, available in oral, intravenous, and intramuscular forms, and used to treat a wide variety of infections. Kanamycin is isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces kanamyceticus and its most commonly used form is kanamycin sulfate.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections where one or more of the following are the known or suspected pathogens: E. coli, Proteus species (both indole-positive and indole-negative), E. aerogenes, K. pneumoniae, S. marcescens, and Acinetobacter species.
