DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  EGS21
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EGS21(TM) is a beta-D-glucosylceramide (GC) compound. It is a potential therapeutic for treating immune mediated disorders. GC is a glycolipid that has been shown by Enzo scientists and collaborators to act as an anti-inflammatory agent in animal model systems, and therefore is being evaluated as an important candidate drug in the treatment of various immune mediated diseases, such as Crohn's disease, hepatitis, non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) or fatty liver and HIV.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, hepatitis (unspecified), and liver disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Oltipraz
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oltipraz has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Lung Cancer, Liver Fibrosis, Liver Cirrhosis, and Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  MGL-3196
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MGL-3196 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic steatohepatitis and Heterozygous Familial Hypercholesterolemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fluorescein lisicol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluorescein lisicol has been used in trials studying the diagnostic of Pharmacokinetics, Hepatic Cirrhosis, Hepatitis, Viral, Human, Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis, and Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pradigastat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pradigastat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Non-alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease (NAFLD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Carphenazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Carphenazine is an antipsychotic drug, used in hospitalized patients in the management of chronic schizophrenic psychoses.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of acute or chronic schizophrenic reactions in hospitalized patients.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Amisulpride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Amisulpride (trade name Solian) is an antipsychotic drug sold by Sanofi-Aventis. It is not approved for use in the United States, but is approved for use in Europe and Australia for the treatment of psychoses and schizophrenia. Additionally, it is approved in Italy for the treatment of dysthymia (under the brand name Deniban). Amisulpride is a selective dopamine antagonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, mania in bipolar disorder, and depression.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pipamperone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pipamperone is a typical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone family used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1961, and entered clinical trials in the United States in 1963 [11, 15].In an effort to improve haloperidol's pharmacological effects, Janssen discovered that pipamperone, an agent whose pharmacological profile was distinct from haloperidol and all other known antipsychotic drugs at this time, had significant anti-tryptamine activity. Some studies suggest pipamperone was the first atypical antipsychotic. Interestingly, when risperidone was created, Janssen suggested it was a more potent version of pipamperone. Synthesized in the year 1984, risperidone’s pharmacological properties were similar to pipamperone’s in that both block more serotonin more potently than dopamine [15].
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic psychoses and states of aggressiveness of various origins [12].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Molindone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An indole derivative effective in schizophrenia and other psychoses and possibly useful in the treatment of the aggressive type of undersocialized conduct disorder. Molindone has much lower affinity for D2 receptors than most antipsychotic agents and has a relatively low affinity for D1 receptors. It has only low to moderate affinity for cholinergic and alpha-adrenergic receptors. Some electrophysiologic data from animals indicate that molindone has certain characteristics that resemble those of clozapine. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p283)
4. Indication:  Molindone is used for the management of the manifestations of psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Rhein
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Rhein is an anthraquinone metabolite of rheinanthrone and senna glycoside is present in many medicinal plants including Rheum palmatum, Cassia tora, Polygonum multiflorum, and Aloe barbadensis [1]. It is known to have hepatoprotective, nephroprotective, anti-cancer, anti-inflammatory, and several other protective effects.
4. Indication:  No approved indication.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Lurasidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lurasidone is an atypical antipsychotic developed by Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma. It was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of schizophrenia on October 29, 2010 and is currently pending approval for the treatment of bipolar disorder in the United States. (Wikipedia)
4. Indication:  Treatment of schizophrenia. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Iodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molecualar iodine has been developed by Symbollon Pharmaceuticals. It is a potential treatment for moderate to severe cyclic pain and tenderness (clinical mastalgia) associated with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast disorders (unspecified) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Fluphenazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used in the treatment of psychoses. Its properties and uses are generally similar to those of chlorpromazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of manifestations of psychotic disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Droperidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A butyrophenone with general properties similar to those of haloperidol. It is used in conjunction with an opioid analgesic such as fentanyl to maintain the patient in a calm state of neuroleptanalgesia with indifference to surroundings but still able to cooperate with the surgeon. It is also used as a premedicant, as an antiemetic, and for the control of agitation in acute psychoses. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p593)
4. Indication:  Droperidol is ssed to produce tranquilization and to reduce the incidence of nausea and vomiting in surgical and diagnostic procedures.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Zuclopenthixol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zuclopenthixol, also known as Zuclopentixol or Zuclopenthixolum, is an antipsychotic agent. Zuclopenthixol is a thioxanthene-based neuroleptic with therapeutic actions similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. It is an antagonist at D1 and D2 dopamine receptors. Major brands of zuclopenthixol are Cisordinol, Acuphase, and Clopixol. This drug is a liquid. This compound belongs to the thioxanthenes. These are organic polycyclic compounds containing a thioxanthene moiety, which is an aromatic tricycle derived from xanthene by replacing the oxygen atom with a sulfur atom. Known drug targets of zuclopenthixol include 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A, D(1B) dopamine receptor, D(2) dopamine receptor, D(1A) dopamine receptor, and alpha-1A adrenergic receptor. It is known that zuclopenthixol is metabolized by Cytochrome P450 2D6. Zuclopenthixol was approved for use in Canada in 2011, but is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of acute psychoses such as mania or schizophrenia. However, the use of zuclopenthixol acetate in psychiatric emergencies as an alternative to standard treatments (haloperidol, clotiapine, etc.) should be cautioned, since well executed and documented trials of zuclopenthixol acetate for this use have yet to be conducted. Zuclopenthixol acetate is not intended for long-term use.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Methionine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A sulfur containing essential amino acid that is important in many body functions. It is a chelating agent for heavy metals.
4. Indication:  Used for protein synthesis including the formation of SAMe, L-homocysteine, L-cysteine, taurine, and sulfate.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Thiamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Thiamine or thiamin, also known as vitamin B1, is a colorless compound with the chemical formula C12H17N4OS. It is soluble in water and insoluble in alcohol. Thiamine decomposes if heated. Thiamine was first discovered by Umetaro Suzuki in Japan when researching how rice bran cured patients of Beriberi. Thiamine plays a key role in intracellular glucose metabolism and it is thought that thiamine inhibits the effect of glucose and insulin on arterial smooth muscle cell proliferation. Thiamine plays an important role in helping the body convert carbohydrates and fat into energy. It is essential for normal growth and development and helps to maintain proper functioning of the heart and the nervous and digestive systems. Thiamine cannot be stored in the body; however, once absorbed, the vitamin is concentrated in muscle tissue.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of thiamine and niacin deficiency states, Korsakov's alcoholic psychosis, Wernicke-Korsakov syndrome, delirium, and peripheral neuritis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ethanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A clear, colorless liquid rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and distributed throughout the body. It has bactericidal activity and is used often as a topical disinfectant. It is widely used as a solvent and preservative in pharmaceutical preparations as well as serving as the primary ingredient in alcoholic beverages.
4. Indication:  For therapeutic neurolysis of nerves or ganglia for the relief of intractable chronic pain in such conditions as inoperable cancer and trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), in patients for whom neurosurgical procedures are contraindicated.
