DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Promazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine but with less antipsychotic activity. It is primarily used in short-term treatment of disturbed behavior and as an antiemetic. Promazine is not approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct for short term treatment of moderate and severe psychomotor agitation. Also used to treat agitation or restlessness in the elderly.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Safinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Safinamide is for the treatment of parkinson's disease. It was approved in Europe in February 2015, and in the United States on March 21, 2017.
4. Indication:  Safinamide is indicated as an add-on treatment to levodopa with or without other medicines for Parkinson’s disease
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Primidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antiepileptic agent related to the barbiturates; it is partly metabolized to phenobarbital in the body and owes some of its actions to this metabolite. Adverse effects are reported to be more frequent than with phenobarbital. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p309)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ethotoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethotoin is a hydantoin derivative and anticonvulsant. Ethotoin exerts an antiepileptic effect without causing general central nervous system depression. The mechanism of action is probably very similar to that of phenytoin. The latter drug appears to stabilize rather than to raise the normal seizure threshold, and to prevent the spread of seizure activity rather than to abolish the primary focus of seizure discharges. Ethotoin is no longer commonly used. 
4. Indication:  For the control of tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor) seizures.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rauwolfia serpentina root
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rauwolfia (Rauwolfia serpentina), also spelled ravolphia, is a medicinal plant in the milkweed family. The root of the plant is ground into a powder or sold in tablets or capsules. It is a compound commonly used in Asian medicine, which includes traditional Ayurvedic medicine native to India. The active ingredients in this drug are alkaloids and about 50 have been identified through various studies, although the primary psychoactive components appear to be reserpine, rescinnamine, and deserpidine [10].This product was approved prior to Jan 1, 1982, but since, has been discontinued due to its propensity for leading to depression [8, 20]. Reserpine is derived from Rauwolfia serpentina, and was commonly used as an antihypertensive agent in the 1950s [12]. Rauwolfia serpentina is also commonly referred to as Sarpaghanda [3]. Interestingly, the hairy root component of this plant has shown a remarkable capacity to regenerate into complete Rauwolfia plants and shows survival and unaltered biosynthetic potential during storage at decreased temperatures. For this reason, various studies into biotechnological applications of this plant have been performed. Multiple studies have been done on their biosynthetic potential and numerous biotechnological methods used to study the production of pharmaceutically important alkaloids [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Rauwolfia alkaloids are indicated in the treatment of hypertension [6]. Rauwolfia alkaloids have been used for relief of symptoms in agitated psychotic states such as schizophrenia; however, use as antipsychotics and sedatives have been replaced with the use of more effective, safer agents [6].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  S-8510
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  S-8510 / SB-737552 is a BZD inverse agonist investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and mild to moderate senile dementia. It was being codeveloped by Shionogi and GlaxoSmithKline.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease and dementia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sodium oxybate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium oxybate (Xyrem) is a central nervous system depressant used for the treatment of cataplexy and extreme daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy. It is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) which is an endogenous compound and a metabolite of the neurotransmitter GABA. The exact mechanism of action for treating EDS and cataplexy is not known but is is hypothesised that its therapeutic effects are due to GABA(B) effects on noradrenergic, dopaminaergic and thalamocorticol neurons. The drug follows non-linear pharmacokinetics. As it has been associated with misuse/abuse it is strictly controlled and all patients and prescribers must enroll in the sodium oxybate REMs program in order to gain access to the medication.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Metixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metixene (or methixene) is a anticholinergic used as an antiparkinsonian agent.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pipamperone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pipamperone is a typical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone family used in the treatment of schizophrenia. It was discovered at Janssen Pharmaceutica in 1961, and entered clinical trials in the United States in 1963 [11, 15].In an effort to improve haloperidol's pharmacological effects, Janssen discovered that pipamperone, an agent whose pharmacological profile was distinct from haloperidol and all other known antipsychotic drugs at this time, had significant anti-tryptamine activity. Some studies suggest pipamperone was the first atypical antipsychotic. Interestingly, when risperidone was created, Janssen suggested it was a more potent version of pipamperone. Synthesized in the year 1984, risperidone’s pharmacological properties were similar to pipamperone’s in that both block more serotonin more potently than dopamine [15].
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic psychoses and states of aggressiveness of various origins [12].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Trifluoperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phenothiazine with actions similar to chlorpromazine. It is used as an antipsychotic and an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders, depressive symptoms secondary to anxiety and agitation.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Tianeptine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tianeptine is a drug used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and has been studied in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [3]. Structurally, it is classified as a tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), but it possesses different pharmacological properties than typical tricyclic antidepressants [1].Tianeptine was discovered and patented by The French Society of Medical Research in the 1960s. Currently, tianeptine is approved in France and manufactured and marketed by Laboratories Servier SA; it is also marketed in several other European countries under the trade name “Coaxil” as well as in Asia (including Singapore) and Latin America as “Stablon” and “Tatinol” but it is not available in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the U.K. or the U.S.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anxiety [1]. It is currently being studied for fibromyalgia pain treatment [16].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trimipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tricyclic antidepressant similar to imipramine, but with more antihistaminic and sedative properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression and depression accompanied by anxiety, agitation or sleep disturbance
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  clomethiazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Clomethiazole is a well-established γ-aminobutyric acid (GABAA)-mimetic drug. It is a sedative and hypnotic that is widely used in treating and preventing symptoms of acute alcohol withdrawal. It is a drug which is structurally related to thiamine (vitamin B1) but acts like a sedative, hypnotic, muscle relaxant and anticonvulsant. It is also used for the management of agitation, restlessness, short-term insomnia and Parkinson's disease in the elderly.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in strokes.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Flunarizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Flunarizine is a selective calcium entry blocker with calmodulin binding properties and histamine H1 blocking activity. It is effective in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
4. Indication:  Used in the prophylaxis of migraine, occlusive peripheral vascular disease, vertigo of central and peripheral origin, and as an adjuvant in the therapy of epilepsy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Rimantadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An RNA synthesis inhibitor that is used as an antiviral agent in the prophylaxis and treatment of influenza. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis and treatment of illness caused by various strains of influenza A virus in adults.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Melperone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Melperone is an atypical antipsychotic of the butyrophenone chemical class, making it structurally related to the typical antipsychotic haloperidol. Melperone has been used for a span of greater than 30 years in the European Union [5]. It has been well established in the treatment of confusion, anxiety, restlessness (particularly in the elderly) and schizophrenia as It is known to be well-tolerated with an excellent safety profile. Recently, it has been studied as a treatment of psychosis related to Parkinson's disease [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia, sleep, disorders, agitation and mentally confused states [6, 8, 10]. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Carbamazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used to control grand mal and psychomotor or focal seizures. Its mode of action is not fully understood, but some of its actions resemble those of phenytoin; although there is little chemical resemblance between the two compounds, their three-dimensional structure is similar. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy and pain associated with true trigeminal neuralgia. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Triflupromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine used as an antipsychotic agent and as an antiemetic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly in the management of psychoses. Also used to control nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Trihexyphenidyl
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the centrally acting muscarinic antagonists used for treatment of parkinsonian disorders and drug-induced extrapyramidal movement disorders and as an antispasmodic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of parkinson's disease and extrapyramidal reactions caused by drugs.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Phenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant that is used in a wide variety of seizures. It is also an anti-arrhythmic and a muscle relaxant. The mechanism of therapeutic action is not clear, although several cellular actions have been described including effects on ion channels, active transport, and general membrane stabilization. The mechanism of its muscle relaxant effect appears to involve a reduction in the sensitivity of muscle spindles to stretch. Phenytoin has been proposed for several other therapeutic uses, but its use has been limited by its many adverse effects and interactions with other drugs. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) and complex partial (psychomotor, temporal lobe) seizures and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during or following neurosurgery.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Quinidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An optical isomer of quinine, extracted from the bark of the Cinchona tree and similar plant species. This alkaloid dampens the excitability of cardiac and skeletal muscles by blocking sodium and potassium currents across cellular membranes. It prolongs cellular action potential, and decreases automaticity. Quinidine also blocks muscarinic and alpha-adrenergic neurotransmission.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Olanzapine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olanzapine is an atypical antipsychotic, approved by the FDA in 1996. Olanzapine is manufactured and marketed by the pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company, whose patent for olanzapine proper ends in 2011.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders, as well as acute treatment of manic or mixed episodes of bipolar 1 disorder. Intramuscular olanzapine is indicated for the rapid control of agitated patients.
