DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gonadorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pitutitary.
4. Indication:  For evaluating the functional capacity and response of the gonadotropes of the anterior pituitary also for evaluating residual gonadotropic function of the pituitary following removal of a pituitary tumor by surgery and/or irradiation.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fluoxymesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anabolic steroid that has been used in the treatment of male hypogonadism, delayed puberty in males, and in the treatment of breast neoplasms in women. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In males, used as replacement therapy in conditions associated with symptoms of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. In females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Coccidioides immitis spherule
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Coccidioides immitis spherule is a skin test antigen indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis.
4. Indication:  Indicated to detect delayed-type hypersensitivity to Coccidioides immitis in individuals with a history of pulmonary coccidioidomycosis. Use in 18-64 year old patients. A positive result occurs if 48h after administration if the diameter of the induration is >5mm. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nafarelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent synthetic agonist of gonadotropin-releasing hormone with 3-(2-naphthyl)-D-alanine substitution at residue 6. Nafarelin has been used in the treatments of central precocious puberty and endometriosis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of central precocious puberty (true precocious puberty, GnRH-dependent precocious precocity, complete isosexual precocity) in children of both sexes and for the treatment of endometriosis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nerve Growth Factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerve Growth Factor has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Mental Handicap, Alzheimer's Disease, Traumatic Brain Injury, Cerebral Palsy Children, and Delayed Speech Development, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Histrelin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Histrelin is a gonadotropin releasing hormone (GnRH) agonist that acts as a potent inhibitor of gonadotropin when administered as an implant that delivers continuous therapeutic doses. Following an initial stimulatory phase with increased circulating levels of luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), leading to a transient increase in concentration of gonadal steroids (testosterone and dihydrotestosterone in males), continuous administration of histrelin acetate results in decreased levels of LH and FSH due to a reversible down-regulation of the GnRH receptors in the pituitary gland and desensitization of the pituitary gonadotropes. As the product Supprelin LA (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the treatment of children with central precocious puberty (CPP). As the product Vantas (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer. 
4. Indication:  As the product Supprelin LA (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the treatment of children with central precocious puberty (CPP). As the product Vantas (FDA), histrelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Thiocolchicoside
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Thiocolchicoside is a semi-synthetic derivative of the colchicine, a natural anti-inflammatory glycoside which originates from the flower seeds of superba gloriosa. It is a muscle relaxant with anti-inflammatory and analgesic effects. It has potent convulsant activity and should not be administered to individuals prone to seizures [19].
4. Indication:  Thiocolchicoside is a skeletal muscle-relaxant drug used in the treatment of orthopedic, traumatic and rheumatologic disorders [18]. It is indicated as an adjuvant drug in the treatment of painful muscle contractures and is indicated in acute spinal pathology, for adults and adolescents 16 years of age and older [15]. Recent studies have examined its effect on muscle tone, stiffness, contractures, and soreness experienced by athletes during sporting competitions [20].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Leuprolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Leuprolide belongs to the general class of drugs known as hormones or hormone antagonists. It is a synthetic 9 residue peptide analog of gonadotropin releasing hormone. Leuprolide is used to treat advanced prostate cancer. It is also used to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis. Leuprolide is also under investigation for possible use in the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  ALS-08
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALS-08 is a proprietary creatine-derivative that is being developed as a potential therapeutic for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). It is being developed by Avicena Group, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Diphencyprone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Diphencyprone has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Melanoma, Ultraviolet Rays, Immunosuppression, Neoplasm Metastasis, and Hypersensitivity, Delayed, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Diclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic actions. It is primarily available as the sodium salt. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Leptin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Although leptin is a circulating signal that reduces appetite, in general, obese people have an unusually high circulating concentration of leptin. These people are said to be resistant to the effects of leptin, in much the same way that people with type 2 diabetes are resistant to the effects of insulin. Thus, obesity develops when people take in more energy than they use over a prolonged period of time, and this excess food intake is not driven by hunger signals, occurring in spite of the anti-appetite signals from circulating leptin. The high sustained concentrations of leptin from the enlarged fat stores result in the cells that respond to leptin becoming desensitized.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lipodystrophy and obesity.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Omeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and Zollinger-Ellison syndrome. Omeprazole belongs to a class of antisecretory compounds, the substituted benzimidazoles, that suppress gastric acid secretion by specific inhibition of the H+/K+ ATPase enzyme system at the secretory surface of the gastric parietal cell.
4. Indication:  Omeprazole is indicated for the treatment of duodenal ulcers, benign gastric ulcers, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), heartburn and other symptoms associated with GERD, erosive esophagitis, and long-term treatment of pathological hypersecretory conditions like Zollinger-Ellison syndrome, multiple endocrine adenomas, and systemic mastocytosis. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Misoprostol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic analog of natural prostaglandin E1. It produces a dose-related inhibition of gastric acid and pepsin secretion, and enhances mucosal resistance to injury. It is an effective anti-ulcer agent and also has oxytocic properties.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  RDEA806
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RDEA806 is a new HIV non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI) with a high genetic barrier to resistance and a broad spectrum of activity.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of HIV-1 infection in combination with appropriate antiretroviral agents when therapy is warranted.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pantoprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pantoprazole is a proton pump inhibitor drug used for short-term treatment of erosion and ulceration of the esophagus caused by gastroesophageal reflux disease.
4. Indication:  Short-term (up to 16 weeks) treatment of erosive esophagitis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  VIR201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  is an experimental therapeutic vaccine currently in clinical trial. The aim of therapeutic vaccines is to augment the body's immune response to HIV and to delay or prevent progression to AIDS.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ferrous sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Ferrous sulfate, or iron(II) sulfate, commonly exists in hydrate forms which is used as a supplement for iron deficiency. In industrial applications, ferrous sulfate is used as a reducing agent and colorant. Ferrous sulfate is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in Mantoux Test used to detect infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Rolapitant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rolapitant is a potent, highly selective, long-acting Neurokinin-1 (NK-1) receptor antagonist approved for the prevention of delayed chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV) in adults. Delayed-phase CINV typically occurs >24 hours after chemotherapy treatment and is principally mediated by Neurokinin-1 and its ligand Substance P, which is released in the gut following chemotherapy administration. Neurokinin-1 is also known as Tachykinin Receptor 1 (TACR1), Neurokinin 1 Receptor (NK1R), and Substance P Receptor (SPR).By blocking Substance P from interacting with NK-1 receptors in the gut and the central nervous system, rolapitant prevents late-phase CINV. Unlike other available NK-1 receptor antagonists, rolapitant is not an inhibitor of Cytochrome P450 enzyme CYP3A4 and has a long elimination half-life, allowing a single dose to prevent both acute and late-phase CINV during the first 120 hours post-chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  Rolapitant is indicated in combination with other antiemetic agents in adults for the prevention of delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, including, but not limited to, highly emetogenic chemotherapy.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dofetilide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in individuals prone to the formation of atrial fibrillation and flutter, and for the chemical cardioversion to sinus rhythm from atrial fibrillation and flutter.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm (delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter [AF/AFl]) in patients with atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter of greater than one week duration who have been converted to normal sinus rhythm
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Palonosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Palonosetron (INN, trade name Aloxi) is a 5-HT3 antagonist used in the prevention and treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). It is the most effective of the 5-HT3 antagonists in controlling delayed CINV nausea and vomiting that appear more than 24 hours after the first dose of a course of chemotherapy and is the only drug of its class approved for this use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. As of 2008, it is the most recent 5-HT3 antagonist to enter clinical use.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, as well as prevention of acute nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Also used for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting for up to 24 hours post operation.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Fosaprepitant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fosaprepitant is an intravenously administered antiemetic drug. It is a prodrug of Aprepitant. It aids in the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with chemotherapy treatment.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Netupitant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netupitant is an antiemitic drug approved by the FDA in October 2014 for use in combination with palonosetron for the prevention of acute and delayed vomiting and nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy including highly emetogenic chemotherapy. Netupitant is a neurokinin 1 receptor antagonist. The combination drug is marketed by Eisai Inc. and Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.) Inc. under the brand Akynzeo®. 
4. Indication:  Netupitant is an antiemitic drug approved by the FDA in October 2014 for use in combination with palonosetron for the prevention of acute and delayed vomiting and nausea associated with cancer chemotherapy including highly emetogenic chemotherapy.
