DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Piperonyl butoxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperonyl butoxide (PBO) is an organic compound used as a component of pesticide formulations. It is a waxy white solid. It is used for the treatment of head, pubic (crab), and body lice. Piperonyl butoxide is a synergist. It has no pesticidal activity of its own, but acts to increase the activity of pesticides such as carbamates, pyrethrins, pyrethroids, and rotenone. Piperonyl butoxide is a semisynthetic derivative of safrole.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of head, pubic (crab), and body lice.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pyrethrum extract
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pyrethrum is the crude extract form obtained from flowers of the plant Chrysanthemum cinerariifolium. Pyrethrin refers to a more refined extract of pyrethrum. While pyrethrum extract is composed of 6 esters, both organic compounds mediate insecticidal activities. Pyrethrum-containing mixtures are used as a common insecticide to control specific pest species. Pyrethrum extract is also used used to treat head, body, and pubic lice infections. The active compound is absorbed by the lice and destroys them by acting on their nervous systems but is thought to exert minimal effect on humans.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Equilin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of four double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of euilin is found in the urine of pregnant mares. [PubChem]Equilin is one of the estrogens present in the mixture of estrogens isolated from horse urine and marketed as Premarin. Premarin became the most commonly used form of estrogen for hormone replacement therapy in the United States of America. Estrone is the major estrogen in Premarin (about 50%) and equilin is present as about 25% of the total. Estrone is a major estrogen that is normally found in women. Equilin is not normally present in women, so there has been interest in the effects of equilin on the human body. [Wikipedia]The estrogens in Premarin are present mainly as "conjugates", modified chemical forms in which the active estrogen is coupled to another chemical group such as sulfate. Estrone sulfate is usually the major form of estrogen in women. After being taken into a woman's body, the conjugated estrogens of Premarin are converted to the active unconjugated estrogens or excreted from the woman's body. Estrone can be converted to estradiol, which is thought to be the major active estrogen in women. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, atrophic vaginitis, osteoporosis, hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, primary ovarian failure, breast cancer (for palliation only), and Advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only)
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lindane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pediculosis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients infested with Sarcoptes scabiei or pediculosis capitis who have either failed to respond to adequate doses, or are intolerant of other approved therapies.
