DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Trimethaphan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nicotinic antagonist that has been used as a ganglionic blocker in hypertension, as an adjunct to anesthesia, and to induce hypotension during surgery. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the controlled reduction of blood pressure during surgery and in the treatment of hypertensive emergencies.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ADC4022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Acetazolamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  One of the carbonic anhydrase inhibitors that is sometimes effective against absence seizures. It is sometimes useful also as an adjunct in the treatment of tonic-clonic, myoclonic, and atonic seizures, particularly in women whose seizures occur or are exacerbated at specific times in the menstrual cycle. However, its usefulness is transient often because of rapid development of tolerance. Its antiepileptic effect may be due to its inhibitory effect on brain carbonic anhydrase, which leads to an increased transneuronal chloride gradient, increased chloride current, and increased inhibition. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1991, p337)
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of: edema due to congestive heart failure; drug-induced edema; centrencephalic epilepsies; chronic simple (open-angle) glaucoma
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Paraldehyde
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paraldehyde is the cyclic trimer of acetaldehyde molecules. It was introduced into clinical practice in the UK by the Italian physician Vincenzo Cervello in 1882. It is a central nervous system depressant and was soon found to be an effective anticonvulsant, hypnotic and sedative. It was included in some cough medicines as an expectorant (though there is no known mechanism for this function beyond the placebo effect).
4. Indication:  Paraldehyde was used historically as a sedative and hypnotic [1]. It has been used in the treatment of seizures as an anticonvulsant [2].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cetuximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cetuximab is an epidermal growth factor receptor binding FAB. Cetuximab is composed of the Fv (variable; antigen-binding) regions of the 225 murine EGFr monoclonal antibody specific for the N-terminal portion of human EGFr with human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain constant (framework) regions. Cetuximab is marketed under the brand Erbitux® by Eli Lilly and Company. In the United States, a regimen of cetuximab costs approximately $30,790 for an eight-week course.
4. Indication:  Cetuximab, used in combination with irinotecan, is indicated for the treatment of EGFR-expressing, metastatic colorectal carcinoma in patients who are refractory to irinotecan-based chemotherapy. Cetuximab administered as a single agent is indicated for the treatment of EGFR-expressing, metastatic colorectal carcinoma in patients who are intolerant to irinotecan-based chemotherapy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Corticorelin acetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticorelin acetate has been investigated for the treatment of Brain Edema and Brain Tumor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  NCX 950
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 950, beta2-adrenoceptor agonists is widely used in the treatment of pulmonary diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Abicipar Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Abicipar Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Macular Edema and Macular Degeneration.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Levomethadyl Acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic with a long onset and duration of action. It is used mainly in the treatment of narcotic dependence. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of opiate dependence. It is sometimes used to treat severe pain in terminal patients.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Methohexital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An intravenous anesthetic with a short duration of action that may be used for induction of anesthesia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Methohexital is indicated for use as an intravenous anaesthetic. It has also been commonly used to induce deep sedation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Amantadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiviral that is used in the prophylactic or symptomatic treatment of influenza A. It is also used as an antiparkinsonian agent, to treat extrapyramidal reactions, and for postherpetic neuralgia. The mechanisms of its effects in movement disorders are not well understood but probably reflect an increase in synthesis and release of dopamine, with perhaps some inhibition of dopamine uptake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the chemoprophylaxis, prophylaxis, and treatment of signs and symptoms of infection caused by various strains of influenza A virus. Also for the treatment of parkinsonism and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin is a solvent/detergent-treated sterile liquid preparation of purified human immune globulin G (IgG) containing antibodies to varicella zoster virus (anti-VZV). It is prepared from pools of healthy human donors' plasma via anion-exchange column chromatography and was approved in 2012 under the name VariZIG to reduce the disease severity in high-risk patients who lack evidence of immunity to varicella and for whom varicella vaccine is contraindicated. The therapeutic efficacy is proven if administered within 4 days of exposure to varicella zoster virus.
4. Indication:  Indicated for preventing and reducing the severity of chicken pox (varicella zoster virus) infections in high risk individuals within 4 days of exposure to varicella zoster virus.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  MLN-977
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN-977 is a small molecule compound that inhibits the production of leukotrienes, especially 5-lipoxygenase. It is developed by PharmaEngine to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tolazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanisms of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary artery anomalies
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dextropropoxyphene
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dextropropoxyphene is an analgesic in the opioid category, patented (1955) and manufactured by Eli Lilly and Company. It is intended to treat mild pain and also has antitussive and local anaesthetic effects. The drug has been taken off the market in Europe and the US due to concerns of fatal overdoses and heart arrhythmias. An estimated 10 million patients have used these products.The drug is often referred to as the general form, "propoxyphene", however only the dextro-isomer (dextropropoxyphene) has any analgesic effect. The levo-isomer appears to exhibit a very limited antitussive effect.
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Lebrikizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lebrikizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Asthma, Atopic Dermatitis, Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis, and COPD, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Nortriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nortriptyline hydrochloride, the N-demethylated active metabolite of amitriptyline, is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, nortriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, nortriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Compared to other TCAs, nortriptyline is less toxic and displays less drug interactions [6]. As a more selective noadrenaline reuptake inhibitor, nortriptyline is less likely associated with the hypertensive ‘cheese reaction' [6]. Nortriptyline exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Apart from its indication to treat depression, nortriptyline has been investigated in chronic neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), fibromyalgia [4], irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use) [5], post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Primarily indicated for the relief of symptoms of depression.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
