DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Diethylcarbamazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic used primarily as the citrate in the treatment of filariasis, particularly infestations with Wucheria bancrofti or Loa loa. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of individual patients with certain filarial diseases including tropical pulmonary eosinophilia, loiasis, and lymphatic filariasis caused by infection with Wuchereria bancrofti, Brugia malayi, or Brugia timori.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ADC4022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fluticasone furoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. Despite the similarity in the names, fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate are different drugs with different properties. It is marketed under the brand name, Veramyst in the US by GlaxoSmithKline for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). FDA approved on April 27, 2007. Fluticasone furoate is available as a combination product with vilanterol, a long-acting beta-2 agonist, under the tradename Breo Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, its use is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease. Breo Ellipta should not be used for the relief of acute symptoms of asthma or COPD.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  NCX 950
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 950, beta2-adrenoceptor agonists is widely used in the treatment of pulmonary diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tolazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A vasodilator that apparently has direct actions on blood vessels and also increases cardiac output. Tolazoline can interact to some degree with histamine, adrenergic, and cholinergic receptors, but the mechanisms of its therapeutic effects are not clear. It is used in treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary artery anomalies
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  BTA798
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BTA798 is an antiviral for the treatment of HRV, the common cold virus, known to cause significant clinical complications in sufferers of Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  MLN-977
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN-977 is a small molecule compound that inhibits the production of leukotrienes, especially 5-lipoxygenase. It is developed by PharmaEngine to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Monteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Monteplase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pulmonary Embolism.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Simtuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Simtuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Myelofibrosis, Pancreatic Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Terbogrel
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Terbogrel has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypertension, Pulmonary.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Xenon-133
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Xenon-133 is an isotope of xenon. It is a radionuclide that is inhaled to assess pulmonary function, and to image the lungs. It is also used to image blood flow, particularly in the brain.
4. Indication:  Inhalation of Xenon Xe 133 Gas has proved valuable for the evaluation of pulmonary function and for imaging the lungs. It may also be applied to assessment of cerebral flow. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Certoparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Certoparin is a low molecular weight heparin, primarily active against factor Xa. Like other low molecular weight heparins, it is used to prevent deep venous thrombosis.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Lebrikizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lebrikizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Asthma, Atopic Dermatitis, Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis, and COPD, Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Actinium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actinium has been investigated for the treatment of Breast Cancer and Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Zimelidine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Zimelidine has been banned worldwide due to serious, sometimes fatal, cases of central and/or peripheral neuropathy known as Guillain-Barré syndrome and due to a peculiar hypersensitivity reaction involving many organs including skin exanthema, flu-like symptoms, arthralgias, and sometimes eosinophilia. Additionally, zimelidine was charged to cause an increase in suicidal ideation and/or attempts among depressive patients. After its ban, it was succeeded by fluvoxamine and fluoxetine (derived from the antihistamine diphenhydramine) in that order, and the other SSRIs.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Nadroparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nadroparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) which, when bound to antithrombin III (ATIII), accelerates the inactivation of factor II and factor Xa. Nadroparin halts the coagulation pathway by inhibiting the activation of thrombin (factor IIa) by factor Xa. The amplification of the fibrin clotting cascade is stopped once factors Xa and IIa are inactivated. It is derived from porcine sources and has a mean molecular size of 5000 daltons. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Nadroparin is used for prophylaxis of thromboembolic disorders and general surgery in orthopedic surgery, treatment of deep vein thrombosis, prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and treatment of unstable angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TBC-3711
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TBC3711 is a next-generation endothelin antagonist that is being studied through oral and intravenous formulations by Encysive Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in congestive heart failure, hypertension, and pulmonary hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  PDE4
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Merck has developed a selective PDE4 inhibitor for the treatment of inflammatory diseases, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Whereas the potential therapeutic utility of PDE4 inhibition has been demonstrated in various preclinical animal models (e.g., in rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis), clinical evaluation has been restricted by dose-limiting side effects, mainly nausea and emesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Iloprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iloprost is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin PGI2. Iloprost dilates systemic and pulmonary arterial vascular beds. It is used to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH).
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
