DrugId:  1
1. Name:  SYM001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sym001 is a recombinant polyclonal antibody consisting of 25 different anti-Rhesus D (RhD) antibodies to replace existing anti-RhD hyperimmune immunoglobulins for the treatment of Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP) and the prevention of Hemolytic Disease of Newborns (HDN).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Avatrombopag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Avatrombopag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Thrombocytopenia, Idiopathic Thrombocytopenia Purpura, Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP), Thrombocytopenia Associated With Liver Disease, and Thrombocytopenia Related to Chronic Liver Disease, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fostamatinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fostamatinib has been investigated for the treatment and basic science of Rheumatoid Arthritis and Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Romiplostim
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Romiplostim is a thrombopoiesis stimulating dimer Fc-peptide fusion protein (peptibody) to increase platelet production through activation of the thrombopoietin receptor. The peptibody molecule has two identical single-chain subunits, each one is made up of 269 amino acid residues. Each subunit consists of an IgG1 Fc carrier domain that is covalently attached to a polypeptide sequence that contains two binding domains to interact with thrombopoietin receptor c-Mpl. Each domain consists of 14 amino acids. Interestingly, romiplostim's amino acid sequence is not similar to that of endogenous thrombopoietin. Romiplostim is produced by recombinant DNA technology in Escherichia coli. FDA approved on August 22, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Sodium aurothiomalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.
4. Indication:  As anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of arthritis. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, DMARD.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Carbazochrome
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Carbazochrome is a hemostatic agent that causes the aggregation and adhesion of platelets in the blood to form a platelet plug, ceasing blood flow from an open wound. It is an oxidation product of adrenaline which enhances the microcirculatory tone [4]. It is hoped that this drug can be used in the future for preventing excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on its effectiveness and the severity of possible side effects remains to be fairly inconclusive. It is not FDA-approved but is available as tablets or IM/SC injections in the treatment of hemorrhages in a number of countries.Carbazochrome has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-surgical acute uncomplicated hemorrhoids in a mixture with Troxerutin, and this combination therapy demonstrated efficacy and safe tolerability either at a local or systemic level [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for capillary and parenchymal hemorrhage (trauma, tonsillectomy, during surgery), intestinal bleeding, and thrombocytopenic purpura.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Immune Globulin Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is a mixture of IgG1 and other antibodies derived from healthy human plasma via Cohn fractionation. The purification process includes cold alcohol fractionation, polyethylene glycol precipitation, and ion exchange chromatography. IVIg contains the same distribution of IgG antibody subclasses as is found in the general human population. IgG subclasses are fully represented in the following proportions: 70.3% IgG1, 24.7% IgG2, 3.1% IgG3, and 1.9% IgG4. IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders.
4. Indication:  IVIg is used in the treatment of immunodeficiencies, as well as autoimmune and inflammatory disorders. These indications includes idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, Kawasaki disease, hypogammaglobulinemia, B cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia, bone marrow transplant complications, Guillain-Barré syndrome, chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy (CIDP), multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, myesthenia gravis, Wiskott–Aldrich syndrome and inflammatory skin diseases.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sarracenia Purpurea
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Sarracenia purpurea, commonly known as the purple pitcher plant, northern pitcher plant, turtle socks, or side-saddle flower, is a carnivorous plant in the family Sarraceniaceae.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Protein C
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Also known as blood coagulation factor XIV, Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of Protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation with thrombosis. Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceptrotin, which is indicated foruse in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
4. Indication:  Protein C Concentrate is indicated for pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ticlopidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ticlopidine is an effective inhibitor of platelet aggregation. It is a prodrug that is metabolised to an active form, which blocks the ADP receptor that is involved in GPIIb/IIIa receptor activation leading to platelet aggregation. Ticlopidine is marketed under the brand name Ticlid and is indicated for patients who cannot take aspirin or in whom aspirin has not worked to prevent a thrombotic stroke. The FDA label includes a black-box warning of neutropenia, aplastic anemia, thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, and agranulocytosis, so it is necessary to monitor patients' WBC and platelets when they are taking ticlopidine.
4. Indication:  Used in patients, who have had a stroke or stroke precursors and who cannot take aspirin or aspirin has not worked, to try to prevent another thrombotic stroke.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Doxycycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity. Animal studies suggest that it may cause less tooth staining than other tetracyclines. It is used in some areas for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria (malaria, falciparum).
4. Indication:  Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
