DrugId:  1
1. Name:  JNJ-28330835
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fasudil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fasudil has been investigated in Carotid Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ticalopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and gastroparesis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ataciguat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ataciguat has been investigated for the basic science of Aortic Valve Stenosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Limaprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Limaprost (as Limaprost alfadex; CAS number 88852-12-4) is an oral prostaglandin E1 analog. Prostaglandins act on a variety of cells such as vascular smooth muscle cells causing constriction or dilation, on platelets causing aggregation or disaggregation and on spinal neurons causing pain. Prostaglandins have a wide variety of actions, including, but not limited to muscular constriction and mediation of inflammation. Limaprost alfadex has been shown to improve peripheral circulatory failure with a vasodilator action and an antithrombotic effect. It also improves poor blood flow in the nerve tissue in cervical spondylosis and normalizes nerve function. Limaprost alfadex was discovered from collaborative research between Ono Pharmaceutical (Ono) and Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma (DSP). It was approved for the treatment of ischemic symptoms such as skin ulcer, pain and coldness accompanying thromboangiitis obliterans in 1988; and for the treatment of subjective symptoms such as pain and numbness in the lower leg and walking disability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis as an additional indication in 2001. The drug has been sold under the trade name of Opalmon® Tablets by Ono and Prorenal® Tablets by DSP. In 2011, Ono and DSP initiated Phase II clinical trials in Japan for the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. In 2013, these trials were discontinued because the study failed to demonstrate efficacy. Ono and DSP also discontinued the development of limaprost alfadex for the additional indication of cervical spondylosis in 2008 due to the failure to demonstrate the anticipated efficacy in a Phase II study in patients with the disease. However, it was verified by Seoul National University Hospital in November of 2014 that the study on the efficacy of oral limaprost alfadex after surgery for cervical myelopathy was still ongoing.
4. Indication:  Limaprost is used for the improvement of various ischemic symptoms such as ulcer, pain and feeling of coldness associated with thromboangiitis obliterans as well as improvement of subjective symptoms (pain and numbness of lower legs) and gait ability associated with acquired lumbar spinal canal stenosis (in patients with bilateral intermittent claudication showing normal SLR test result).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Doxazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxazosin is a quinazoline-derivative that selectively antagonizes postsynaptic α1-adrenergic receptors. It may be used to mild to moderate hypertension and in the management of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction symptoms caused by BPH.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Prazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prazosin is a selective α-1-adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat hypertension. It has also been used to decrease urinary obstruction and relieve symptoms associated with symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia. α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland. Prazosin has also been used in conjunction with cardiac glycosides and diuretics in the management of severe congestive heart failure. It has also been used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of hypertension, symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia, and severe congestive heart failure. May also be used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Terazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terazosin is a selective alpha1-antagonist used for treatment of symptoms of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). It also acts to lower blood pressure, so it is a drug of choice for men with hypertension and prostate enlargement. It works by blocking the action of adrenaline on smooth muscle of the bladder and the blood vessel walls.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic BPH and mild to moderate hypertension.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
