DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sea salt
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sea salt is the salt obtained from the evaporation of seawater or water from saltwater lakes. Sea salt production is subject to little processing which leaves certain trace minerals and elements behind. In comparison, table salt is mined from underground sedimentary deposits and is more heavily processed to eliminate minerals. Unlike sea salt, table salt usually contains an additive to prevent clumping and involves addition of iodine. Sea salt is a food ingredient and is often colored by adding charcoal or red clay to sometimes be referred to as “Hawaiian Sea Salt.”
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Polydatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polydatin, or Piceid, is a natural precursor and glycoside form of resveratrol with a monocrystalline structure. While it is isolated from the bark of Picea sitchensis or Polygonum cuspidatum, polydatin may be detected in grape, peanut, hop cones, red wines, hop pellets, cocoa-containing products, chocolate products and many daily diets [1]. Polydatin possesses anti-inflammatory, immunoregulatory, anti-oxidative and anti-tumor activities. It is shown to mediate a cytotoxic action on colorectal cancer cells by inducing cell arrest and apoptosis [4].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sodium phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium phosphate is a saline laxative that is thought to work by increasing fluid in the small intestine. It usually results in a bowel movement after 30 minutes to 6 hours.
4. Indication:  Used to treat constipation or to clean the bowel before a colonoscopy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m red blood cells
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m red blood cells is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent that is intravenously administered to be used in blood pool imaging, including cardiac first pass and gated equilibrium imaging and for detection of sites of gastrointestinal bleeding. It is clinically useful in early detection and localization of bleeding sites, and preoperative diagnosis of hemangioma [1]. Autologous red blood cells are radiolabeled with sodium pertechnetate Tc 99m in the reaction vial. Radiolabeled red blood cells are re-injected intravenously into the patient for gamma scintigraphic imaging [FDA Label]. It is suggested that in vitro labelling improves the heart-to-background ratio during imaging [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for blood pool imaging, including cardiac first pass and gated equilibrium imaging and for detection of sites of gastrointestinal bleeding [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in deodorant and antiperspirant products for the over-the-counter use. It is consisted of a mixture of monomeric and polymeric Zr4+ and Al3+ complexes with hydroxide, chloride and glycine. The compound forms a colloidal plug in sweat pores, preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Adenine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A purine base and a fundamental unit of adenine nucleotides.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  D-glucose
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glucose is a simple sugar (monosaccharide) generated during phosynthesis involving water, carbon and sunlight in plants. It is produced in humans via hepatic gluconeogenesis and breakdown of polymeric glucose forms (glycogenolysis). It circulates in human circulation as blood glucose and acts as an essential energy source for many organisms through aerobic or anaerobic respiration and fermentation.[2] It is primarily stored as starch in plants and glycogen in animals to be used in various metabolic processes in the cellular level. Its aldohexose stereoisomer, dextrose or D-glucose, is the most commonly occurring isomer of glucose in nature. L-glucose is a synthesized enantiomer that is used as a low-calorie sweetener and laxative.[10] The unspecified form of glucose is commonly supplied as an injection for nutritional supplementation or metabolic disorders where glucose levels are improperly regulated.[12] Glucose is listed on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system.
4. Indication:  Glucose pharmaceutical formulations (oral tablets, injections) are indicated for caloric supply and carbohydrate supplementation in case of nutrient deprivation. It is also used for metabolic disorders such as hypoglycemia.[13]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Epirubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthracycline which is the 4'-epi-isomer of doxorubicin. The compound exerts its antitumor effects by interference with the synthesis and function of DNA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use as a component of adjuvant therapy in patients with evidence of axillary node tumor involvement following resection of primary breast cancer.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Allantoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Allantoin is a substance that is endogenous to the human body and also found as a normal component of human diets [FDA Label]. In healthy human volunteers, the mean plasma concentration of allantoin is about 2-3 mg/l. During exercise, the plasma allantoin concentration rapidly increases about two fold and remains elevated [FDA Label]. In human muscle, urate is oxidized to allantoin during such exercise [FDA Label]. The concentration of allantoin in muscles increases from a resting value of about 5000 ug/kg to about 16000 ug/kg immediately after short-term exhaustive cycling exercise [FDA Label]. More specifically, allantoin is a diureide of glyoxylic acid that is produced from uric acid. It is a major metabolic intermediate in most organisms. Allantoin is found in OTC cosmetic products and other commercial products such as oral hygiene products, in shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, sun care products, and clarifying lotions [4]. Allantoin has also demonstrated to ameliorate the wound healing process in some studies [1].
4. Indication:  Allantoin is commonly applied in a variety of topical vehicles or applications such as cosmetic creams, toothpastes, mouthwashes, shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, and lotions [4] for the purpose of moisturizing skin, enhancing the smoothness of skin, stimulating the healing of wounds, and soothing irritated skin [4].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Adenosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A nucleoside that is composed of adenine and d-ribose. Adenosine or adenosine derivatives play many important biological roles in addition to being components of DNA and RNA. Adenosine itself is a neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Used as an initial treatment for the termination of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PVST), including that associated with accessory bypass tracts, and is a drug of choice for terminating stable, narrow-complex supraventricular tachycardias (SVT). Also used as an adjunct to thallous chloride TI 201 myocardial perfusion scintigraphy (thallium stress test) in patients who are unable to exercise adequately, as well as an adjunct to vagal maneuvers and clinical assessment to establish a specific diagnosis of undefined, stable, narrow-complex SVT.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium citrate is the sodium salt of citric acid. It is white, crystalline powder or white, granular crystals, slightly deliquescent in moist air, freely soluble in water,practically insoluble in alcohol. Like citric acid, it has a sour taste.From the medical point of view, it is used as alkalinizing agent. It works by neutralizing excess acid in the blood and urine. It has been indicated for the treatment of metabolic acidosis.
4. Indication:  Used as an anticoagulant during plasmophoresis as well as a neutralizing agent in the treatment of upset stomach and acidic urine [FDA Label] [6] [7].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Mannitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mannitol is an osmotic diuretic that is metabolically inert in humans and occurs naturally, as a sugar or sugar alcohol, in fruits and vegetables. Mannitol elevates blood plasma osmolality, resulting in enhanced flow of water from tissues, including the brain and cerebrospinal fluid, into interstitial fluid and plasma. As a result, cerebral edema, elevated intracranial pressure, and cerebrospinal fluid volume and pressure may be reduced. Mannitol may also be used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established; the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances; as an Antiglaucoma agent; and as a renal function diagnostic aid.
4. Indication:  Used for the promotion of diuresis before irreversible renal failure becomes established, the reduction of intracranial pressure, the treatment of cerebral edema, and the promotion of urinary excretion of toxic substances.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Citric Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A key intermediate in metabolism. It is an acid compound found in citrus fruits. The salts of citric acid (citrates) can be used as anticoagulants due to their calcium chelating ability.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nicotinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important compound functioning as a component of the coenzyme NAD. Its primary significance is in the prevention and/or cure of blacktongue and pellagra. Most animals cannot manufacture this compound in amounts sufficient to prevent nutritional deficiency and it therefore must be supplemented through dietary intake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Axicabtagene ciloleucel is a chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T cell therapy for the treatment of Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL), which is a type of a non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). It is the second cell-based gene therapy that is FDA-approved but the first in the treatment of large B-cell lymphoma in adult patients. Uniquely, axicabtagene ciloleucel utilizes each patient’s own immune system where each dose of the drug consists of the patient's genetically modified T-cells that were previously collected. The modified version of the T-cell expresses a new gene that targets and kills the lymphoma cells and is infused back into the patient. Diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) is the most common type of NHL in adults that mostly originates from the lymph nodes but can initiate outside of the lymphatic system. Lymphoma cells appear to be much larger in size than normal lymphocytes. In a multicenter clinical trial, the patients who were treated with axicabtagene ciloleucel achieved the complete remission rate of 51%. Developed by Kite Pharma, Inc., it was approved on October 18th, 2017 by the FDA as an intravenously infused anticancer therapy and is marketed under the brand name Yescarta.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma after two or more lines of systemic therapy, including diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) not otherwise specified, primary mediastinal large B-cell lymphoma, high grade B-cell lymphoma, and DLBCL arising from follicular lymphoma. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  AMD-070
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AMD-070 is a small molecule drug candidate that belongs to a new investigational class of anti-HIV drugs known as entry (fusion) inhibitors. Currently there is only one FDA-approved entry inhibitor, enfuvirtide (Fuzeon), that is available for the treatment of HIV infection. Several experimental entry inhibitors are now in early stage testing, including AMD-070, which targets the CXCR4 receptor on HIV and prevents the virus from entering and infecting healthy cells. Other entry inhibitors target the CCR5 receptor of HIV.These new agents are widely viewed as next generation anti-HIV drugs with the potential to significantly advance HIV therapeutics.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV infection.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Titanium dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally it is sourced from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.
4. Indication:  In the pharmaceutical industry, titanium dioxide is used in most sunscreens to block UVA and UVB rays, similar to zinc oxide. It is also commonly used as pigment for pharmaceutical products such as gelatin capsules, tablet coatings and syrups.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ferric Carboxymaltose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ferric Carboxymaltose is an iron replacement product and chemically, an iron carbohydrate complex. FDA approved on July 25, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ferric carboxymaltose is a iron replacement product indicated for the treatment of iron deficiency anemia in adult patients who have intolerance to oral iron or have had unsatisfactory response to oral iron or those who have non-dialysis dependent chronic kidney disease. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Enasidenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enasidenib is an orally available treatment for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with specific mutations in the isocitrate dehydrogenase 2 (IDH2) gene, which is a recurrent mutation detected in 12-20% of adult patients with AML [1, 2]. Patients eligible for this treatment are selected by testing the presence of IDH2 mutations in the blood or bone marrow. This small molecule acts as an allosteric inhibitor of mutant IDH2 enzyme to prevent cell growth, and it also has shown to block several other enzymes that play a role in abnormal cell differentiation. First developed by Agios Pharmaceuticals and licensed to Celgene, enasidenib was approved by U.S. Food and Drug Administration on August 1, 2017.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory acute myeloid leukemia (AML) with an isocitrate dehydrogenase-2 (IDH2) mutation.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Petrolatum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A colloidal system of semisolid hydrocarbons obtained from petroleum. It is used as an ointment base, topical protectant, and lubricant.
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter skin protectant [FDA Label]. Commonly used to treat diaper rash and chapped lips [FDA Label] [1].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chromium Cr-51
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromium Cr-51 is an isotope of chromium that is observationally stable. When intravenously administered, it is used as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical agent to determine the red blood cell volume or mass, study the red blood cell survival time and evaluate blood loss [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dexpanthenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexpanthenol is an alcohol derivative of pantothenic acid, a component of the B complex vitamins and an essential component of a normally functioning epithelium. Dexpanthenol is enzymatically cleaved to form pantothenic acid, which is an essential component of Coenzyme A, which acts as a cofactor in many enzymatic reactions that are important for protein metabolism in the epithelium[2]. Due to its good penetration and high local concentrations, dexpanthanol is used in many topical products, such as ointments and lotions for treatment of dermatological conditions to relieve itching or promote healing. Dermatological effects of the topical use of dexpanthenol include increased fibroblast proliferation and accelerated re-epithelialization in wound healing. Furthermore, it acts as a topical protectant, moisturizer, and has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties [3].Dexpanthenol is also available as a racemic mixture containing both the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) and the levorotatory form (levopanthenol) as Panthenol. While pantothenic acid is optically active, only the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) is biologically active.
4. Indication:  Injection: Prophylactic use immediately after major abdominal surgery to minimize the possibility of paralytic ileus. Intestinal atony causing abdominal distention; postoperative or postpartum retention of flatus, or postoperative delay in resumption of intestinal motility; paralytic ileus.Topical: This medication is used as a moisturizer to treat or prevent dry, rough, scaly, itchy skin and minor skin irritations (e.g., diaper rash, skin burns from radiation therapy). 
