DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nelotanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Carbachol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A slowly hydrolyzed cholinergic agonist that acts at both muscarinic and nicotinic receptors.
4. Indication:  Primarily used in the treatment of glaucoma, but is also used during ophthalmic surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Maprotiline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Maprotiline is a tetracyclic antidepressant with similar pharmacological properties to tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs). Similar to TCAs, maprotiline inhibits neuronal norepinephrine reuptake, possesses some anticholinergic activity, and does not affect monoamine oxidase activity. It differs from TCAs in that it does not appear to block serotonin reuptake. Maprotiline may be used to treat depressive affective disorders, including dysthymic disorder (depressive neurosis) and major depressive disorder. Maprotiline is effective at reducing symptoms of anxiety associated with depression. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of depression, including the depressed phase of bipolar depression, psychotic depression, and involutional melancholia, and may also be helpful in treating certain patients suffering severe depressive neurosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Flurazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used mainly as a hypnotic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For short-term and intermittent use in patients with recurring insomnia and poor sleeping habits
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pitolisant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pitolisant is also known as 1-{3-[3-(4-chlorophenyl)propoxy]propyl}piperidine or BF2.649 [4]. It is a selective inverse agonist of the histamine H3 receptor that is used in the treatment of type 1 or 2 narcolepsy with or without cataplexy in adults. Narcolepsy is a chronic neurological disorder that that affects 1 in 2,000 individuals and is characterized by excessive daytime sleepiness, abnormal REM sleep manifestations, sleep paralysis and hypnagogic hallucinations [4]. About 60-70% of patients with narcolepsy experience cataplexy, which is a sudden loss of muscle tone triggered by positive or negative emotion [1]. As histaminergic signalling in neurons plays a role in maintaining wakefulness, pitolisant works by blocking histamine autoreceptors and enhancing the activity of brain histaminergic neurons [5]. In a European clinical trial of adult patients with narcolepsy, a reduction in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) score was observed from pitolisant treatment compared to placebo [3]. The therapeutic effectiveness of pitolisant was comparable to that of Modafinil [3]. Pitolisant therapy was also effective in treating refractory sleepiness in adolescent patients with narcolepsy, where it decreased ESS score and increased the mean sleep onset latency [2]. Adolescent patients with cataplexy also experienced a slight improvement in the frequency and severity of symptoms [2], however the safety of use in adolescent or paediatric patients have not been established with pitolisant. Pitolisant is marketed by EMA under the trade name Wakix as oral tablets.
4. Indication:  Indicated in adults for the treatment of narcolepsy with or without cataplexy [5].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nefazodone
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nefazodone hydrochloride (trade name Serzone) is an antidepressant drug marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb. Its sale was discontinued in 2003 in some countries, due to the small possibility of hepatic (liver) injury, which could lead to the need for a liver transplant, or even death. The incidence of severe liver damage is approximately 1 in 250,000 to 300,000 patient-years. On May 20, 2004, Bristol-Myers Squibb discontinued the sale of Serzone in the United States.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ramelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramelteon is the first in a new class of sleep agents that selectively binds to the melatonin receptors in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). It is used for insomnia, particularly delayed sleep onset. Ramelteon has not been shown to produce dependence and has shown no potential for abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulty with sleep onset.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Diphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  SO-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SO-101(Silenor) is a low-dose oral tablet formulation of doxepin hydrochloride that is patent protected for its use in insomnia. Doxepin has been prescribed for more than 40 years for the treatment of depression and anxiety at dosages typically ranging from 75 mg to 300 mg per day. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Valerian
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Valerian is extracted from a herb that is a perennial flowering plant. Valerian root is reported to have sedative and anxiolytic effects however its mechanism of action is not completely understood. Valerian has been used in the treatment of conditions including sleep disorders, anxiety, attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and joint pain. Valproic Acid is a derivative of valeric acid, which is obtained from the plant root. Valerian is a food ingredient permitted for direct addition to food for human consumption as a natural flavoring substance.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Carbamide peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [1]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [6]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dental bleaching agent. Indicated as an oral wound healing agent in oral mucosal injuries.Indicated as an aid in the removal of hardened ear wax.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Somatorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somatorelin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Aging, Elderly, Sleep Disorders, Hormone Deficiency, and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Benzodiazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benzodiazepine is under investigation for the prevention of Delirium and C.Surgical Procedure; Cardiac. Benzodiazepine has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Disorders of Gallbladder, Biliary Tract and Pancrease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Hops
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hops allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Passiflora incarnata flower
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Gaboxadol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gaboxadol also known as 4,5,6,7-tetrahydroisoxazolo(5,4-c)pyridin-3-ol (THIP) is an experimental sleep aid drug developed by Lundbeck and Merck. In March, 2007, Merck and H. Lundbeck cancelled work on the drug, citing safety concerns and the failure of an efficacy trial. It acts on the GABA system, but possibly in a different way from benzodiazepines, nonbenzodiazepines and barbiturates - (Valium, Sodium Pentothal, Ambien etc.). Lundbeck states that gaboxadol also increases deep sleep (stage 4). It is, however, not reinforcing like benzodiazepines are. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders and insomnia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Suvorexant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Suvorexant is a selective dual antagonist of orexin receptors OX1R and OX2R that promotes sleep by reducing wakefulness and arousal. It has been approved for the treatment of insomnia. 
4. Indication:  Suvorexant is indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep onset and/or sleep maintenance.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  HY10275
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HY10275 is a novel compound specifically designed to modulate two key neurobiological mechanisms that interfere with the sleeping process. HY10275 is highly selective for histamine H1 and serotonin 5HT2a, two chemical receptors that are known to impact the ability to fall asleep and stay asleep. HY10275 was rationally designed to "let you sleep" rather than depress the entire brain to "make you sleep." This dual-acting receptor activity and the lack of affinity for undesired off- target receptors are thought to account for the compounds excellent efficacy and tolerability profile.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Atagabalin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Atagabalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Insomnia, Primary Insomnia, and Nonrestorative Sleep.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Aceprometazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aceprometazine (INN) is a prescription drug with neuroleptic and anti-histamine properties. It is not widely prescribed. It may be used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders. This combination is available in France under the trade name Mepronizine. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Aceprometazine is often used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Chlorhexadol
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  Chlorhexadol is a sedative and hypnotic which is regulated in the United States as a Schedule III controlled substance. It is a derivative of chloral hydrate.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  MK-0249
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK0249 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Hypopnea Syndrome, Alzheimer's Disease, Paranoid Schizophrenia, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Excessive Daytime Sleepiness, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
