DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Glucose Oxidase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glucose Oxidase has been investigated for the treatment of Upper Respiratory Tract Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Motavizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mequitazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hay fever, urticaria (hives) and allergic rhinitis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine that is used in the prophylaxis of Pertussis (whooping cough), which is caused by a small Gram-negative coccobacillus that infects the mucosal layers of the human respiratory tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Palivizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Humanized monoclonal antibody (IgG1k) produced by recombinant DNA technology, directed to an epitope in the A antigenic site of the F protein of respiratory syncytial virus (RSV). Synagis is a composite of human (95%) and murine (5%) antibody sequences. The human heavy chain sequence was derived from the constant domains of human IgG1 and the variable framework regions of the VH genes Cor (1) and Cess (2). The human lightchain sequence was derived from the constant domain of Ck and the variable framework regions of the VL gene K104 withJk-4. Palivizumab is expressed from a stable murine (mouse) myeloma cell line (NS0). Palivizumab is composed of to heavy chains (50.6 kDa each) and two light chains (27.6 kDa each), contains 1-2% carbohydrate by weight and has a molecular weight of 147.7 kDa +/- 1 kDa (MALDI-TOF)
4. Indication:  For prophylaxis of respiratory diseases casued by respiratory syncytial virus.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fenspiride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenspiride is an oxazolidinone spiro compound used as a drug in the treatment of certain respiratory diseases. It is approved for use in Russia for the treatment of acute and chronic inflammatory diseases of ENT organs and the respiratory tract (like rhinopharyngitis, laryngitis, tracheobronchitis, otitis and sinusitis), as well as for maintenance treatment of asthma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Terpin hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  An insect repellent; cis-form hydrate used as expectorant. Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available with a prescription, but must be prepared by a compounding pharmacy.
4. Indication:  Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, used in the treatment of acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchiectasis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract. It is typically formulated with an antitussive (e.g., codeine) as a combined preparation.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rosoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rosoxacin is a quinolone derivative antibiotic for the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients. Rosoxacin is known to be effective against penicillin resistant strains and is a single dose orally administered drug, which avoids all complications of parenteral administration seen with penicillin, especially anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infection of respiratory tract, urinary tract, GI, CNS and immuno compromised patients.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Stepronin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strepronin is a mucolytic drug. A mucolytic agent is any agent which dissolves thick mucus usually used to help relieve respiratory difficulties. The viscosity of mucous secretions in the lungs is dependent upon the concentrations of mucoprotein as well as the presence of disulfide bonds between these macromolecules and DNA.
4. Indication:  Strepronin is a mucolytic (expectorant) drug.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Methdilazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methdilazine is a phenothiazine compound with antihistaminic activity. It is used in the treatment of various dermatoses to relieve pruritus.
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions and particularly for the control of pruritic skin disorders
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Gepotidacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gepotidacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gonorrhea, Infections, Bacterial, and Infections, Respiratory Tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tripelennamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions, coughs, and the common cold.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dexchlorpheniramine maleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexchlorpheniramine is the S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine which is a 1st generation anti-histamine. Dexchlorpheniramine has more pharmacological activity than the R and so is more potent than the racemic mixture.
4. Indication:  Dexchlorpheniramine can be used in the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhiniti, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and dermographism.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Triprolidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Bacampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacampicillin is a prodrug of ampicillin and is microbiologically inactive. It is absorbed following oral administration. During absorption from the gastrointestinal tract, bacampicillin is hydrolyzed by esterases present in the intestinal wall. It is microbiologically active as ampicillin, and exerts a bactericidal action through the inhibition of the biosynthesis of cell wall mucopeptides. It is used to cure infection of upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis etc.
4. Indication:  For infections at the following sites: upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis, when due to sensitive strains of the following organisms: Gram-positive: streptococci (including S. faecalis and S. pneumoniae) and nonpenicillinase-producing staphylococci; Gram-negative: H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis, Salmonellae and Shigellae.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dexbrompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexbrompheniramine maleate is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of symptoms of allergies, hay fever, and colds
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ethylmorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic and antitussive. It is metabolized in the liver by ethylmorphine-N-demethylase and used as an indicator of liver function. It is not marketed in the US but is approved for use in various countries around the world. In the US it is a schedule II drug (single-entity) and schedule III drug (in combination products).
4. Indication:  Ethylmorphine is an analgesic used for pain relief.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Peach
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal pneumonia due to susceptible strains and group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infections of the upper respiratory tract.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Opium
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Opium is the first substance of the diverse group of the opiates. It has been known for a long time, and the first evidence of a poppy culture dates from 5 thousand years by the Sumerians. During the years, opium was used as a sedative and hypnotic, but it was determined to be addictive.[1] Opium is extracted from Papaver somniferum, which is more known as poppies. This plant is an integrant of the Papaveraceae family, and it is characterized by solitary leaves and capsulated fruits. Therefore, opium is a sticky brown resin obtained by collecting and drying the latex that exudes from the poppy pods.[13]Once extracted, opium contains two main groups of alkaloids; the psychoactive constituents which are in the category of phenanthrenes and alkaloids that have no central nervous system effect in the category of isoquinolines. Morphine is the most prevalent and principal alkaloid in opium, and it is responsible for most of the harmful effects of opium.[14]Opium has gradually been superseded by a variety of synthetic opioids and general anesthetics. Some of the isolated derivatives of opium are morphine, noscapine, strychnine, veratrine, colchicine, codeine, and quinine.[2] Opium is a prohibited drug of abuse in most countries, but the illegal production of this drug and its derivatives keeps being registered. There is some legal production of opium in different countries for the obtention of alkaloids by extraction.[15]
4. Indication:  Opium and its derivatives are the most commonly used medications for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. Opium and its alkaloid-derivatives can also be used as tranquilizers, antitussives and in the treatment of diarrhea.[11] The direct use of opium is not common nowadays but the use of some of its derivatives such as morphine and codeine, as well as the use of a tincture of opium for severe diarrhea can be seen in medical practice.[12]Illegal use of opium has been registered to be for both recreational and medicinal purposes.[3]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Cefonicid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft tissue and bone infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Parachlorophenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  P-chlorophenol is a white crystals with a strong phenol odor. Slightly soluble to soluble in water, depending on the isomer, and denser than water. Noncombustible.
4. Indication:  Used as an intermediate in organic synthesis of dyes and drugs.Local antibacterial agent in root canal therapy, as topical antiseptic in ointments
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ambroxol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ambroxol is a secretolytic agent used in the treatment of respiratory diseases associated with viscid or excessive mucus. It is the active ingredient of Mucosolvan, Lasolvan or Mucoangin. The substance is a mucoactive drug with several properties including secretolytic and secretomotoric actions that restore the physiological clearance mechanisms of the respiratory tract which play an important role in the body’s natural defence mechanisms. It stimulates synthesis and release of surfactant by type II pneumocytes. Surfactants acts as an anti-glue factor by reducing the adhesion of mucus to the bronchial wall, in improving its transport and in providing protection against infection and irritating agents.
4. Indication:  Ambroxol is indicated as “secretolytic therapy in bronchopulmonary diseases associated with abnormal mucus secretion and impaired mucus transport. It promotes mucus clearance, facilitates expectoration and eases productive cough, allowing patients to breathe freely and deeply. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pivampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pivalate ester analog of ampicillin.
4. Indication:  or the treatment of respiratory tract infections (including acute bronchitis, acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis and pneumonia); ear, nose and throat infections; gynecological infections; urinary tract infections (including acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis) when caused by non penicillinase-producing susceptible strains of the following organisms: gram-positive organisms, e.g., streptococci, pneumococci and staphylococci; gram-negative organisms, e.g., H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis. 
