DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Glucose Oxidase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glucose Oxidase has been investigated for the treatment of Upper Respiratory Tract Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gepotidacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gepotidacin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Gonorrhea, Infections, Bacterial, and Infections, Respiratory Tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Terpin hydrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  An insect repellent; cis-form hydrate used as expectorant. Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, commonly used to loosen mucus and ease congestion in patients presenting with acute or chronic bronchitis, and related pulmonary conditions. It is derived from sources such as oil of turpentine, oregano, thyme and eucalyptus. It was popular in the United States since the late nineteenth century, but was removed from marketed medications in the 1990s after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) stated that "based on evidence currently available, there are inadequate data to establish general recognition of the safety and effectiveness of these ingredients". Elixirs of terpin hydrate are still available with a prescription, but must be prepared by a compounding pharmacy.
4. Indication:  Terpin hydrate is an expectorant, used in the treatment of acute and chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, bronchiectasis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, infectious and inflammatory diseases of the upper respiratory tract. It is typically formulated with an antitussive (e.g., codeine) as a combined preparation.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cefonicid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft tissue and bone infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Suptavumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Suptavumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Respiratory Syncytial Virus Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pivampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pivalate ester analog of ampicillin.
4. Indication:  or the treatment of respiratory tract infections (including acute bronchitis, acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis and pneumonia); ear, nose and throat infections; gynecological infections; urinary tract infections (including acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis) when caused by non penicillinase-producing susceptible strains of the following organisms: gram-positive organisms, e.g., streptococci, pneumococci and staphylococci; gram-negative organisms, e.g., H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cefprozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic. It can be used to treat bronchitis, ear infections, skin infections, and other bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Latamoxef
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Broad- spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic similar in structure to the cephalosporins except for the substitution of an oxaazabicyclo moiety for the thiaazabicyclo moiety of certain cephalosporins. It has been proposed especially for the meningitides because it passes the blood-brain barrier and for anaerobic infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Latamoxef is an oxacephem antibiotic usually grouped with the cephalosporins. It is used to treat bacterial infections. Latamoxef is primarily indicated in conditions like Bone and joint infection, GI infections, Gynecological infections, Meningitis, Respiratory tract infections, Septicaemia, Skin infections, Soft tissue infections, UTI. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lomefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: S.pneumoniae, H.influenzae, S.aureus, P.aeruginosa, E. cloacae, P. mirabilis, C. civersus, S. asprphyticus, E.coli, and K.pneumoniae.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Peach
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal pneumonia due to susceptible strains and group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infections of the upper respiratory tract.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bacampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacampicillin is a prodrug of ampicillin and is microbiologically inactive. It is absorbed following oral administration. During absorption from the gastrointestinal tract, bacampicillin is hydrolyzed by esterases present in the intestinal wall. It is microbiologically active as ampicillin, and exerts a bactericidal action through the inhibition of the biosynthesis of cell wall mucopeptides. It is used to cure infection of upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis etc.
4. Indication:  For infections at the following sites: upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis, when due to sensitive strains of the following organisms: Gram-positive: streptococci (including S. faecalis and S. pneumoniae) and nonpenicillinase-producing staphylococci; Gram-negative: H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis, Salmonellae and Shigellae.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sulfadimethoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sulfadimethoxine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. Sulfadimethoxine is used to treat many infections including treatment of respiratory, urinary tract, enteric, and soft tissue infections. It is most frequently used in veterinary medicine, although it is approved in some countries for use in humans. Sulfadimethoxine inhibits bacterial synthesis of folic acid (pteroylglutamic acid) from para-aminobenzoic acid. Sulfadimethoxine is approved in Russia for use in humans, including children, and has been successfully used there for more than 35 years. It is widely available in Russia as an over-the-counter drug manufactured by a number of Russian pharmaceutical companies.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sulfametopyrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Long-acting plasma-bound sulfonamide used for respiratory and urinary tract infections and also for malaria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of urinary tract infection and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ceftazidime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Semisynthetic, broad-spectrum antibacterial derived from cephaloridine and used especially for Pseudomonas and other gram-negative infections in debilitated patients.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with infections caused by susceptible strains of organisms in the following diseases: lower respiratory tract infections,skin and skin structure infections, urinary tract infections, bacterial septicemia, bone and joint infections, gynecologic infections, intra abdominal infections (including peritonitis), and central nervous system infections (including meningitis).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Aztreonam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A monocyclic beta-lactam antibiotic originally isolated from Chromobacterium violaceum. It is resistant to beta-lactamases and is used in gram-negative infections, especially of the meninges, bladder, and kidneys. It may cause a superinfection with gram-positive organisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible gram-negative microorganisms: urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, septicemia, skin and skin-structure infections, intra-abdominal infections, and gynecologic infections.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tobramycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aminoglycoside, broad-spectrum antibiotic produced by Streptomyces tenebrarius. It is effective against gram-negative bacteria, especially the pseudomonas species. It is a 10% component of the antibiotic complex, nebramycin, produced by the same species. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pseudomonas aeruginosa lung infections. Also being investigated for use in the treatment of sinus infections.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin (Penicillin V) is narrow spectrum antibiotic used to treat mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible bacteria. It is a natural penicillin antibiotic that is administered orally. Penicillin V may also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms.Natural penicillins are considered the drugs of choice for several infections caused by susceptible gram positive aerobic organisms, such as Streptococcus pneumoniae, groups A, B, C and G streptococci, nonenterococcal group D streptococci, viridans group streptococci, and non-penicillinase producing staphylococcus. Aminoglycosides may be added for synergy against group B streptococcus (S. agalactiae), S. viridans, and Enterococcus faecalis. The natural penicillins may also be used as first or second line agents against susceptible gram positive aerobic bacilli such as Bacillus anthracis, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae. Natural penicillins have limited activity against gram negative organisms; however, they may be used in some cases to treat infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis and Pasteurella. They are not generally used to treat anaerobic infections. Resistance patterns, susceptibility and treatment guidelines vary across regions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderately severe infections (e.g. dental infection, infections in the heart, middle ear infections, rheumatic fever, scarlet fever, skin infections, upper and lower respiratory tract infections) due to microorganisms.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Rupintrivir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Rupintrivir is a rhinovirus 3C protease inhibitor in development for use against human rhinoviral (HRV) infections. Rupintrivir was active against all 48 HRV serotypes tested in a cell protection assay in H1-HeLa cells. It is designed to combat colds caused by rhinovirus.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Minocycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A tetracycline analog, having a 7-dimethylamino and lacking the 5 methyl and hydroxyl groups, which is effective against tetracycline-resistant staphylococcus infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms, such as Rocky Mountain spotted fever, typhus fever and the typhus group, Q fever, rickettsial pox and tick fevers caused by Rickettsiae, upper respiratory tract infections caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and for the treatment of asymptomatic carriers of Neisseria meningitidis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sulfadoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A long acting sulfonamide that is used, usually in combination with other drugs, for respiratory, urinary tract, and malarial infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Sulfadoxine is used in combination with pyrimethamine for the treatment or prevention of malaria. It can also be used to treat various infections in livestock as well.Sulfadoxine and pyrimethamine is indicated for the treatment of Plasmodium falciparum malaria in those patients in whom chloroquine resistance is suspected. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ixekizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixekizumab is a humanized immunoglobulin G subclass 4 (IgG4) monoclonal antibody (mAb) against interleukin-17A (IL-17A) and prevents it from interacting with the IL-17A receptor. As IL-17A is a pro-inflammatory cytokine involved in inflammation and immune responses, blocking its effect is beneficial for use in inflammatory conditions. In particular, IL-17A has been found to be implicated in a variety of autoimmune diseases including Rheumatoid Arthritis and plaque psoriasis. Ixekizumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a recombinant mammalian cell line and purified using standard technology for bioprocessing. Ixekizumab is comprised of two identical light chain polypeptides of 219 amino acids each and two identical heavy chain polypeptides of 445 amino acids each, and has a molecular weight of 146,158 Daltons for the protein backbone of the molecule. It is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
4. Indication:  Ixekizumab is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Cephalexin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with antimicrobial activity similar to that of cephaloridine or cephalothin, but somewhat less potent. It is effective against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes; otitis media due to Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Moraxella catarrhalis; skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Streptococcus pyogenes; bone infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Proteus mirabilis; genitourinary tract infections, including acute prostatitis, caused by Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cefalotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A cephalosporin antibiotic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent infection during surgery and to treat many kinds of infections of the blood, bone or joints, respiratory tract, skin, and urinary tract.
