DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Milatuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Milatuzumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lupus Nephritis, Multiple Myeloma (MM), GVHD (Acute or Chronic), Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Binetrakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Binetrakin has been used in trials studying the treatment of HIV Infections, Sarcoma, Kaposi, Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL), Myelodysplastic Syndrome (MDS), and Leukemia, Acute Myelogenous (AML), among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Molgramostim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Molgramostim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bronchiectasis, Cystic Fibrosis, Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome, and Autoimmune Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Talmapimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Talmapimod is the first-generation oral p38 MAP kinase inhibitor developed by Scios. It has shown to be effective to cure inflammatory diseases such as Rheumatoid Arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pinometostat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pinometostat has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Acute Leukemias, Acute Myeloid Leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, and Acute Lymphocytic Leukemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Deferoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Natural product isolated from Streptomyces pilosus. It forms iron complexes and is used as a chelating agent, particularly in the mesylate form. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat acute iron or aluminum toxicity (an excess of aluminum in the body) in certain patients. Also used in certain patients with anemia who must receive many blood transfusions.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pexelizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pexelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug. It is being investigated by Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of inflammation during cardiac surgery.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Verteporfin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Verteporfin, otherwise known as benzoporphyrin derivative (trade name Visudyne®), is a medication used as a photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy to eliminate the abnormal blood vessels in the eye associated with conditions such as the wet form of macular degeneration. Verteporfin accumulates in these abnormal blood vessels and, when stimulated by nonthermal red light with a wavelength of 693 nm in the presence of oxygen, produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to the endothelium and blockage of the vessels.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with predominantly classic subfoveal choroidal neovascularization due to age-related macular degeneration, pathologic myopia or presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome. Verteporfin can also be used to destroy tumors.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dalcetrapib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dalcetrapib is under investigation for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dalteparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dalteparin, a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) prepared by nitrous acid degradation of unfractionated heparin of porcine intestinal mucosa origin, is an anticoagulant. It is composed of strongly acidic sulphated polysaccharide chains with an average molecular weight of 5000 and about 90% of the material within the range of 2000-9000. LMWHs have a more predictable response, a greater bioavailability, and a longer anti-Xa half life than unfractionated heparin. Dalteparin can also be safely used in most pregnant women. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Dalteparin is used as a prophylaxis for deep-vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolisms in patients undergoing general surgery (e.g., abdominal, gynecologic, urologic), and in patients with acute medical conditions (e.g. cancer, bed rest, heart failure, severe lung disease). It is also used in patients who have severely restricted mobility, which poses a risk for thromboembolic complications. Dalteparin is also used concomitantly with aspirin and/or other therapy (e.g., nitrates, β-adrenergic blockers, clopidogrel, platelet glycoprotein [GP] IIb/IIIa-receptor inhibitors) to reduce the risk of acute cardiac ischemic events. The patients who undergo this treatment combination have unstable angina or non-ST-segment elevation/non-Q-wave myocardial infarction (i.e., non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes).It is also used in the prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and hemofiltration in connection with acute renal failure or chronic renal insufficiency.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Asparaginase Escherichia coli
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Asparaginase derived from Escherichia coli (L-asparagine amidohydrolase, EC 3.5.1.1) is an enzyme responsible for the metabolism of L-asparagine, by catalyzing L-asparagine into L-aspartic acid and ammonia. It also facilitates the production of oxaloacetate which is needed for general cellular metabolism. Asparaginase from E. coli has clinically shown to exhibit antitumor actions in models of leukaemias [1, 2]. L-asparaginase of E. coli is marketed under several different trade names, including Elspar, for the treatment of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) as part of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen. It is available as intramuscular or intravenous injections. Therapeutic L-asparaginase from E. coli works by depleting the levels of non-essential amino acid, asparagine, in lymphoblastic leukemic cells thus promoting apoptotic cell death [3]. For patients who develop hypersensitivity to E. coli-derived formulations of L-asparaginase, the use of PEGylated or non-PEGylated Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is recommended [3].
4. Indication:  Indicated as a component of a multi-agent chemotherapeutic regimen for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pirfenidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pirfenidone is an orally active small molecule drug that may inhibit collagen synthesis, down regulate production of multiple cytokines and block fibroblast proliferation and stimulation in response to cytokines. Pirfenidone has demonstrated activity in multiple fibrotic conditions, including those of the lung, kidney and liver. It is being investigated by InterMune.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (IPF).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pyrophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A radionuclide imaging agent used primarily in scintigraphy or tomography of the heart to evaluate the extent of the necrotic myocardial process. It has also been used in noninvasive tests for the distribution of organ involvement in different types of amyloidosis and for the evaluation of muscle necrosis in the extremities.
4. Indication:  For use as a skeletal imaging agent used to demonstrate areas of altered osteogenesis, and a cardiac imaging agent used as an adjunct in the diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction [FDA Label]. May also be used to image gated blood pools and detect gastrointetinal bleeding.
