DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TA-CIN
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  MX6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MX6 is adamantyl group derivatives containing retinoid-related compounds induce apoptosis of cancer cells and therefore may be used for the treatment of cancer, including advanced cancer. More specifically, it has been shown that such adamantyl compounds, e.g., 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 2-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-5-benzimidazole carboxylic acid, and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4,5-methylenedioxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, can be used to treat or prevent cervical cancers and precancers such as cervical dysplasias, including high grade and low grade dysplasias.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sivifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, and skin cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  R-851
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-851 is part of the family of immune response modifier (IRM) and it acts in a novel way to stimulate the human body's immnune system to attack virus-infected cells and tumor cells. It is expected to be topical treatment for cervical displasia and cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV), the sexually transmitted virus that causes most cases of cervical cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer and viral infection.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Amolimogene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of cervical dysplasia associated with the human papillomavirus (HPV).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  3,3'-diindolylmethane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Diindolylmethane has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of SLE, Prostate Cancer, Cervical Dysplasia, Stage I Prostate Cancer, and Stage II Prostate Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Voretigene Neparvovec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[6] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[1] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of rep and cap and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[2] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[7]
4. Indication:  VN-rzyl is indicated for the treatment of children and adult patients with confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutation-associated retinal dystrophy. The administration of VN-rzyl is conditioned to the physician determination of the presence of viable retinal cells.[FDA Label] The RPE65 represents the LCA2 form of the Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA). LCA is a group of inherited conditionts that involves retinal degeneration and severe vision loss in early childhood leading to total blindness by 30-40 years old. The LCA2 form is associated with a mutation that interferes with the isomerohydrolase activity of the retinal pigment epithelium. The isomerohydrolase activity transforms the trans-retinyl esters to 11-cis-retinal which is the natural ligand and chromophore of the opsins of rod and cones photoreceptors. In the presence of RPE65 mutations, the opsins cannot capture light or transduce it into electrical responses to initiate vision.[3]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ciliary neurotrophic factor (NT-501) is Neurotech's lead product which is in two Phase II/III clinical trials for the treatment of visual loss associated with retinitis pigmentosa and a Phase II trial for the treatment of the dry form of age-related macular degeneration. Neurotech is also evaluating other factors that can be used with its proprietary delivery technology, Encapsulated Cell Technology (ECT), to treat additional retinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, macular degeneration, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Matuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Matuzumab (formerly EMD 72000) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer. It binds to EGFR (epithelial growth factor receptor) with high affinity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, and lung cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Motexafin lutetium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called lutetium texaphyrin. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, cervical dysplasia/cancer, prostate cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), coronary artery disease, macular degeneration, and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Piclamilast
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Piclamilast (RP-73,401), is a selective PDE4 inhibitor. It is comparable to other PDE4 inhibitors for its anti-inflammatory effects. It has been investigated for its applications to the treatment of conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia and asthma. It is a second generation compound that exhibits structural functionalities of the PDE4 inhibitors cilomilast and roflumilast. The structure for piclamilast was first elucidated in a 1995 European patent application.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Maribavir
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in viral infection, transplantation (organ or tissue), cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ocriplasmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin with a molecular weight of 27.2 kDa produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Pichia pastoris expression system. Ocriplasmin is a protein made up of 249 amino acids and has two peptide chains. Agent for pharmacologic vitreolysis; thrombolytic agent. FDA approved in October 17, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ocriplasmin is a proteolytic enzyme indicated for the treatment for symptomatic vitreomacular adhesion. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Denufosol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Denufosol (INN) is an inhaled drug for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, being developed by Inspire Pharmaceuticals and sponsored by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. It was tested in two Phase III clinical trials, TIGER-1 and TIGER-2. Initially, in the first Phase III trial, TIGER-1, the compound showed significant results as compared with placebo. In the second Phase III trial, TIGER-2, the compound did not meet the primary endpoint, a significant change in baseline FEV1 (forced expiratory volume in one second) at the week 48 endpoint as compared to placebo. As of 2011, no additional clinical studies are being conducted with the compound. The drug was also investigated for the treatment of retinal detachment and other retinal diseases, but trials were terminated in 2006.
4. Indication:  For use as an inhaled treatment for cystic fibrosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Deferoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Natural product isolated from Streptomyces pilosus. It forms iron complexes and is used as a chelating agent, particularly in the mesylate form. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat acute iron or aluminum toxicity (an excess of aluminum in the body) in certain patients. Also used in certain patients with anemia who must receive many blood transfusions.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Vitamin A
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Retinol and derivatives of retinol that play an essential role in metabolic functioning of the retina, the growth of and differentiation of epithelial tissue, the growth of bone, reproduction, and the immune response. Dietary vitamin A is derived from a variety of carotenoids found in plants. It is enriched in the liver, egg yolks, and the fat component of dairy products. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vitamin A deficiency.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Rimexolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rimexolone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat inflammation in the eye. It is marketed as a 1% eye drop solution under the trade name Vexol
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation following ocular surgery and in the treatment of anterior uveitis.
