DrugId:  1
1. Name:  iCo-007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  iCo-007 (formerly known as ISIS 13650) is a second generation antisense compound being developed by iCo for the treatment of various eye diseases caused by the formation of new blood vessels (angiogenesis) such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and diabetic retinopathy(DR).
4. Indication:  Various eye diseases
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vatiquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatiquinone has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Retinopathy, Rett Syndrome, Genetic Disease, Noise-induced Hearing Loss, and Methylmalonic Aciduria and Homocystinuria,Cblc Type.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bevasiranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bevasiranib is a small interfering RNA (siRNA) targeting vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and diabetic retinopathy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  TG-100801
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TG100801 is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasivelyas an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Theobromine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  3,7-Dimethylxanthine. The principle alkaloid in Theobroma cacao (the cacao bean) and other plants. A xanthine alkaloid that is used as a bronchodilator and as a vasodilator. It has a weaker diuretic activity than theophylline and is also a less powerful stimulant of smooth muscle. It has practically no stimulant effect on the central nervous system. It was formerly used as a diuretic and in the treatment of angina pectoris and hypertension. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, pp1318-9)
4. Indication:  theobromine is used as a vasodilator, a diuretic, and heart stimulant. And similar to caffeine, it may be useful in management of fatigue and orthostatic hypotension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fluorescein
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phthalic indicator dye that appears yellow-green in normal tear film and bright green in a more alkaline medium, such as the aqueous humor, and is used therapeutically as a diagnostic aid in corneal injuries and corneal trauma. It has been approved by FDA for use in externally applied drugs and cosmetics. (From Merck Index, 12th ed; American Medical Association Drug Evaluations; 1995, p2275)
4. Indication:  For diagnostic imaging. Primarily indicated in diagnostic fluorescein angiography or angioscopy of the fundus and of the iris vasculature.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Creatinolfosfate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COP is under investigation for the treatment of Rheumatoid Arthritis, Mature B-Cell Lymphoma, and Noninflammatory Degenerative Joint Disease. COP has been investigated for the treatment of Diabetic Retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Chlorpropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Chlorpropamide is an oral antihyperglycemic agent used for the treatment of non-insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (NIDDM). It belongs to the sulfonylurea class of insulin secretagogues, which act by stimulating β cells of the pancreas to release insulin. Sulfonylureas increase both basal insulin secretion and meal-stimulated insulin release. Medications in this class differ in their dose, rate of absorption, duration of action, route of elimination and binding site on their target pancreatic β cell receptor. Sulfonylureas also increase peripheral glucose utilization, decrease hepatic gluconeogenesis and may increase the number and sensitivity of insulin receptors. Sulfonylureas are associated with weight gain, though less so than insulin. Due to their mechanism of action, sulfonylureas may cause hypoglycemia and require consistent food intake to decrease this risk. The risk of hypoglycemia is increased in elderly, debilitated and malnourished individuals. Chlorpropamide is not recommended for the treatment of NIDDM as it increases blood pressure and the risk of retinopathy (UKPDS-33). Up to 80% of the single oral dose of chlorpropramide is metabolized, likely in the liver; 80-90% of the dose is excreted in urine as unchanged drug and metabolites. Renal and hepatic dysfunction may increase the risk of hypoglycemia. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of NIDDM in conjunction with diet and exercise. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Caffeine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine naturally occurring in some beverages and also used as a pharmacological agent. Caffeine's most notable pharmacological effect is as a central nervous system stimulant, increasing alertness and producing agitation. It also relaxes smooth muscle, stimulates cardiac muscle, stimulates diuresis, and appears to be useful in the treatment of some types of headache. Several cellular actions of caffeine have been observed, but it is not entirely clear how each contributes to its pharmacological profile. Among the most important are inhibition of cyclic nucleotide phosphodiesterases, antagonism of adenosine receptors, and modulation of intracellular calcium handling.
4. Indication:  For management of fatigue, orthostatic hypotension, and for the short term treatment of apnea of prematurity in infants.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  DG051
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG051 is a novel small-molecule inhibitor of leukotriene A4 hydrolase (LTA4H), the protein made by one of the genes in the leukotriene pathway that has been shown to link to risk of heart attack. DG051 is designed to decrease risk of heart attack by decreasing the production of leukotriene B4 (LTB4), an end product of the leukotriene pathway and a potent promoter of inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  NCX 1015
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NCX 1015 is nitric oxide-releasing derivative of prednisolone developed for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease (IBD) by NicOx SA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arthritis and arthritic pain and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Desoxyribonuclease
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desoxyribonuclease is a crystalline enzyme that aids in the digestion of the thymus nucleic acid. The mechanism of action of the enzyme involves the splitting of thymus nucleic acid into fragments approaching the size of tetranucleotides without the release of free phosphoric acid. The enzyme's cofactor is reported to be magnesium (or manganese) ions, although the optimal concentration of the ion is independent of the enzyme concentration [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Plozalizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Plozalizumab has been investigated for the treatment of Atherosclerosis. Plozalizumab, a novel humanized monoclonal antibody, specifically targets CCR2 chemokine receptors found on the surface of certain white blood cells including macrophages and monocytes. Preclinical studies suggest that CCR2 plays an important role in the trafficking of monocytes and macrophages to sites of inflammation. The recruitment of macrophages to the arterial wall is believed to be a critical step in the development of atherosclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Conestat alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  C1 Esterase Inhibitor (Recombinant) is a recombinant analogue of endogenous complement component-1 esterase inhibitor (rhC1INH), purified from the milk of transgenic rabbits. The primary function of endogenous C1INH is to regulate the activation of the complement and contact system pathways. It does this through inhibition of several target proteases within these pathways including activated C1s, kallikrein, factor XIIa and factor XIa. C1 esterase inhibitor has also been shown to inhibit the action of thrombin within the coagulation pathway, and tPA and plasmin within the fibrinolytic pathway. Deficiency of C1-inhibitor permits plasma kallikrein activation, which leads to the production of the vasoactive peptide bradykinin. Additionally, C4 and C2 cleavage goes unchecked, resulting in auto-activation of the complement system. Down-stream effects of the lack of enzyme inhibition by C1 esterase inhibitor results in swelling due to leakage of fluid from blood vessels into connective tissue and consequently the presentation of hereditary angioedema (HAE). Marketed as the product Ruconest (FDA), this drug is indicated for the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults. Intravenous replacement of C1 esterase inhibitor results in reversal of acute symptoms of HAE.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute attacks of hereditary angioedema (HAE) due to C1 esterase inhibitor deficiency in adults.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TAFA-93
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TAFA93 is a novel prodrug of the mTOR inhibitor rapamycin which has successfully completed Phase 1 clinical development. mTOR inhibitors are currently used in the prevention of organ rejection in transplantation, the treatment of autoimmune and oncological diseases, and as a component of coated stents for the treatment of coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  GFT14
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GFT14 is a new class of medicaction for treatment of cardiometabolic disease. GFT14 aims to target mixed dyslipidemia of type IIb (high levels of triglycerides and LDL-C) as one of the major indications of cardiometabolic disease.GFT14 is destined to improve the condition of patients at risk from cardiovascular disease by a simultaneous and favorable action on the plasmatic lipids (rise of HDL- cholesterol et lowering of triglycerides) and on other risk factors such as hypertension or diabetes. Orally absorbed GFT14 has absolutely no structural link with current treatments for dyslipidemia (statin or fibrate based). The risks of medical interaction are weak and GFT14 may be easily combined with statins or other antidiabetic molecules (glitazones). 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hyperlipidemia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  SC12267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
