DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  RH-1
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  RH-1 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Advanced Solid Tumors and Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Drotrecogin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Drotrecogin alfa is activated human protein C that is synthesized by recombinant DNA technology. It is a glycoprotein of approximately 55 kilodalton molecular weight, consisting of a heavy chain and a light chain linked by a disulfide bond. Drotrecogin alfa was withdrawn from the market after a major study indicated that it was not effective in improving outcomes in patients with sepsis. 
4. Indication:  For reduction of mortality in patients with severe sepsis.
