DrugId:  1
1. Name:  SC12267
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SC12267 is a novel, small molecule agent from the class of DMARDs (disease modifying anti-rheumatic drug) for the therapy of autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis or multiple sclerosis. Through highly selective inhibition of pyrimidine biosynthesis, it controls the growth of rapidly proliferating cells, especially of lymphocytes, which are important for the immune response.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  PMI-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PMI-001 is a stand-alone, disease-modifying, anti-rheumatic drug (DMARD) being developed by Phytomedics Inc. It is an extract of the roots of an undisclosed perennial shrub which interferes with the production of IL-2 and COX-2 proteins, for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases, such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus erythematosus and psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sodium aurothiomalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium aurothiomalate is a gold compound that is used for its immunosuppressive anti-rheumatic effects. Gold Sodium Thiomalate is supplied as a solution for intramuscular injection containing 50 mg of Gold Sodium Thiomalate per mL. It is most effective in active progressive rheumatoid arthritis and of little or no value in the presence of extensive deformities or in the treatment of other forms of arthritis.
4. Indication:  As anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of arthritis. Disease-modifying antirheumatic drug, DMARD.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tocilizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocilizumab is a recombinant, humanized, anti-human interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor monoclonal antibody that achieves a significant therapeutic response rate. The light chain is made up of 214 amino acids. The heavy chain is made up of 448 amino acids. The four polypeptide chains are linked intra- and inter-molecularly by disulfide bonds. FDA approved on January 8, 2010. Tocilizumab (injection) was further approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with giant cell arteritis, an inflammation of the blood vessels (vasculitis) in May, 2017. In a double-blind, placebo-controlled study, the patients achieved sustained remission from Week 12 through Week 52, which was associated with significant improvements in symptoms of giant cell arteritis, normalization of inflammatory laboratory tests and tapering the use of corticosteroids [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis (RA) who have had an inadequate response to one or more Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drugs (DMARDs). It is also indicated for the treatment of active polyarticular juvenile idiopathic arthritis (PJIA) and active systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis (SJIA) in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Lornoxicam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lornoxicam (chlortenoxicam) is a new nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) of the oxicam class with analgesic, anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties. Lornoxicam differs from other oxicam compounds in its potent inhibition of prostaglandin biosynthesis, a property that explains the particularly pronounced efficacy of the drug. Lornoxicam is approved for use in Japan.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute mild to moderate pain, as well as pain and inflammation of the joints caused by certain types of rheumatic diseases.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  One of the short-acting sulfonamides used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatic fever and meningococcal meningitis
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Etanercept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimeric fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding portion of the human 75 kilodalton (p75) tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) linked to the Fc portion of human IgG1. The Fc component of etanercept contains the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain and hinge region, but not the CH1 domain of IgG1. Etanercept is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 934 amino acids.
4. Indication:  Etanercept is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis in adults and chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. It is also used to manage signs and symptoms of polyarticular idiopathic arthritis in those aged 4 to 17 after insufficient response to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Etanercept is also used to improve psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Levamisole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antihelminthic drug that has been tried experimentally in rheumatic disorders where it apparently restores the immune response by increasing macrophage chemotaxis and T-lymphocyte function. Paradoxically, this immune enhancement appears to be beneficial in rheumatoid arthritis where dermatitis, leukopenia, and thrombocytopenia, and nausea and vomiting have been reported as side effects. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1991, p435-6). Levamisole was withdrawn from the US and Canadian markets in 2000 and 2003, respectively, due to the risk of serious side effects and the availability of more effective replacement medications. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For adjuvant treatment in combination with fluorouracil after surgical resection in patients with Dukes' stage C colon cancer. Also used to treat malignant melanoma and head/neck cancer.Levamisole was originally used as an antihelminthic to treat worm infestations in both humans and animals.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sarilumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sarilumab is a fully human anti-IL-6R monoclonal IgG1 antibody that binds to both membrane bound and soluble interleukin 6 (IL-6) receptor forms, thus blocking the cis- and trans-inflammatory signalling cascades of IL-6 [1]. Sarilumab was developped by Sanofi and Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc; it was US FDA-approved in May 2017 and followed by EU approval in June 2017 for the treatment of moderate to severe Rheumatoid Arthritis (RA) in combination with methotrexate [4]. RA is a chronic inflammatory disease characterized by polyarthritis and its treatment has been challenged by the different response in every patient [3]. Subcutaneous administration of Sarilumab has been shown to decrease acute-phase reactant levels and improve in clinical RA symptoms [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for modere to severe reactive RA in adult patients who are irresponsive, respond inadequately or present intolerance to disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs (DMARDs) or tumor necrosis factor (TNF) antagonists. It is indicated to be used in combination with methotrexate (MTX) or as a monotherapy when there is intolerance to MTX or MTX administration is inappropriate.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dexibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dexibuprofen, S(+)-ibuprofen, is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It is a pharmacologically effective enantiomer of racemic ibuprofen that differs in physicochemical properties. It is proposed to be more pharmacologically active and tolerable with a better safety profile than ibuprofen due to higher concentration of active S enantiomer. Dexibuprofen has a slower dissolution rate in the simulated gastric and enteric juices compared with the racemic ibuprofen [A19257] and displays improved oral bioavilability [4].*For Metabolism, Enzymes, Carriers, Transporters Sections, refer to Ibuprofen (DB01050)
4. Indication:  Similar indications as ibuprofen; to be used as a symptomatic treatment for pain and inflammation in rheumatic disease such as osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as other musculoskeletal disorders. It is also used to reduce oral postoperative pain and alleviate fever.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Colchicine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A major alkaloid from Colchicum autumnale L. and found also in other Colchicum species. Its primary therapeutic use is in the treatment of gout, but it has been used also in the therapy of familial Mediterranean fever (periodic disease). [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of pain in attacks of acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Salsalate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salsalate is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent for oral administration. Salsalate's mode of action as an anti-inflammatory and antirheumatic agent may be due to inhibition of synthesis and release of prostaglandins. The usefulness of salicylic acid, the active in vivo product of salsalate, in the treatment of arthritic disorders has been established. In contrast to aspirin, salsalate causes no greater fecal gastrointestinal blood loss than placebo. Salsalate is readily soluble in the small intestine where it is partially hydrolyzed to two molecules of salicylic acid. A significant portion of the parent compound is absorbed unchanged and undergoes rapid esterase hydrolysis in the body. The parent compound has an elimination half-life of about 1 hour. Salicylic acid (the active metabolite) biotransformation is saturated at anti-inflammatory doses of salsalate. Such capacity limited biotransformation results in an increase in the half-life of salicylic acid from 3.5 to 16 or more hours.
4. Indication:  For relief of the signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and related rheumatic disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Phenoxymethylpenicillin (Penicillin V) is narrow spectrum antibiotic used to treat mild to moderate infections caused by susceptible bacteria. It is a natural penicillin antibiotic that is administered orally. Penicillin V may also be used in some cases as prophylaxis against susceptible organisms.Natural penicillins are considered the drugs of choice for several infections caused by susceptible gram positive aerobic organisms, such as Streptococcus pneumoniae, groups A, B, C and G streptococci, nonenterococcal group D streptococci, viridans group streptococci, and non-penicillinase producing staphylococcus. Aminoglycosides may be added for synergy against group B streptococcus (S. agalactiae), S. viridans, and Enterococcus faecalis. The natural penicillins may also be used as first or second line agents against susceptible gram positive aerobic bacilli such as Bacillus anthracis, Corynebacterium diphtheriae, and Erysipelothrix rhusiopathiae. Natural penicillins have limited activity against gram negative organisms; however, they may be used in some cases to treat infections caused by Neisseria meningitidis and Pasteurella. They are not generally used to treat anaerobic infections. Resistance patterns, susceptibility and treatment guidelines vary across regions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderately severe infections (e.g. dental infection, infections in the heart, middle ear infections, rheumatic fever, scarlet fever, skin infections, upper and lower respiratory tract infections) due to microorganisms.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Baricitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Baricitinib is a selective and reversible Janus kinase 1 (JAK1) and 2 (JAK2) inhibitor. Janus kinases belong to the tyrosine protein kinase family and play an important role in the proinflammatory pathway signalling that is frequently over-activated in autoimmune disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis. By blocking the actions of JAK1/2, baricitinib disrupts the activation of downstream signalling molecules and proinflammatory mediators. Rheumatoid arthritis is a progressive autoimmune disease commonly associated with discomfort, diasability, and joint damage. Throughout disease progression, the disease may further lead to joint erosions and deformities, causing premature mortality, functional impairment, and reduced quality of life [3]. While there are several disease modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDs) available for treatment, patients often experience inadequate threapeutic resposes to these drugs. In animal models of inflammatory arthritis, baricitinib was shown to have significant anti-inflammatory effects, but also led to preservation of cartilage and bone, with no detectable suppression of humoral immunity or adverse hematologic effects [1].In February 2017, Baricitinib was approved for use in the EU as a second-line oral therapy for moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adults, either alone or in combination with methotrexate. It is marketed under the trade name Olumiant.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis in adult patients who have responded inadequately to, or who are intolerant to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs as monotherapy or in combination with methotrexate.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dexamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory 9-fluoro-glucocorticoid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Injection: for the treatment of endocrine disorders, rheumatic D=disorders, collagen diseases, dermatologic diseases, allergic statesc, ophthalmic diseases, gastrointestinal diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, cerebral edema.Ophthalmic ointment and solution: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea, and anterior segment of the globe.Ophthalmic solution only: for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the external auditory meatusTopic cream: for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatosesOral aerosol: for the treatment of bronchial asthma and related corticosteroid responsive bronchospastic states intractable to adequate trial of conventional therapyIntranasal aerosol: for the treatment of allergic ot inflammatory nasal conditions, and nasal polyps
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Naproxen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Methyl salicylate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Methyl salicylate (oil of wintergreen or wintergreen oil) is an organic ester naturally produced by many species of plants, particularly wintergreens. The compound was first extracted and isolated from plant species Gaultheria procumbens in 1843. It is also synthetically produced, used as a fragrance, in foods and beverages, and in liniments. It forms a colorless to yellow or reddish liquid and exhibits a characteristic odor and taste of wintergreen. For acute joint and muscular pain, methyl salicylate is used as a rubefacient and analgesic in deep heating liniments. It is used as a flavoring agent in chewing gums and mints in small concentrations and added as antiseptic in mouthwash solutions.
4. Indication:  Ointments or liniments containing methyl salicylate are applied topically as counter irritant for relief of acute pain associated with lumbago,sciatica and rheumatic conditions. Local analgesics for human and veterinary medicine.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Camphor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially cinnamomum camphora. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
