DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rupatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rupatadine is a dual histamine H1 receptor and platelet activating factor receptor antagonist that is used for symptomatic relief in seasonal and perennial rhinitis as well as chronic spontaneous urticaria. It was approved for marketing in Canada under the tradename Rupall and comes in tablet formulation for adult use and liquid formulation for pediatric use.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of nasal and non-nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients 2 years of age and older [FDA Label]. Also used for the symptomatic relief of chronic spontaneous urticaria in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  BI-671800
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bi 671800 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma and Rhinitis, Allergic, Perennial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Triprolidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Levocetirizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Levocetirizine is a third-generation non-sedative antihistamine indicated for the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria. It was developed from the second-generation antihistamine cetirizine. Levocetirizine is the R-enantiomer of the cetirizine racemate. Levocetirizine is an inverse agonist that decreases activity at histamine H1 receptors. This in turn prevents the release of other allergy chemicals and increased blood supply to the area, and provides relief from the typical symptoms of hay fever. It does not prevent the actual release of histamine from mast cells. Levocetirizine was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on May 25, 2007 and is marketed under the brand XYZAL® by sanofi-aventis U.S. LLC.
4. Indication:  Levocetirizine is indicated for the relief of symptoms associated with allergic rhinitis (seasonal and perennial) in adults and children 6 years of age and older. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cyproheptadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, cold urticaria, dermatographism, and as therapy for anaphylactic reactions adjunctive to epinephrine.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Carbinoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state "do not use" in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unapproved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cause serious health risks.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and vasomotor rhinitis, as well as allergic conjunctivitis caused by foods and inhaled allergens. Also for the relief of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and the symptomatic management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Beclomethasone dipropionate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Beclomethasone dipropionate is a prodrug of the free form, beclomethasone (beclomethasone-17-monopropionate). An anti-inflammatory, synthetic corticosteroid, it is used topically as an anti-inflammatory agent and in aerosol form for the treatment of asthma and allergic rhinitis (seasonal and perennial). Beclometasone dipropionate is also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease. It is marketed under several brand names such as Qnasl (US) and Rivanase AQ (Canada).
4. Indication:  Used in the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy in patients 5 years of age and older, and in treating symptoms for allergic rhinitis (seasonal or perennial) in patients 12 years of age and older. Also being investigated for oral treatment in mild-to-moderate Crohn's disease of ileal or ileal-right colonic localisation and for "topical" use mild-to-moderate graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ciclesonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciclesonide is a glucocorticoid used to treat obstructive airway diseases. It is marketed under the brand name Alvesco.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal symptoms associated with seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in adults and adolescents 12 years of age and older.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Desloratadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desloratadine is a second generation, tricyclic antihistamine that which has a selective and peripheral H1-antagonist action. It is the active descarboethoxy metabolite of loratidine (a second generation histamine). Desloratidine has a long-lasting effect and does not cause drowsiness because it does not readily enter the central nervous system.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial (non-seasonal) allergic rhinitis. Desloratidine is also used for the sympomatic treatment of pruritus and urticaria (hives) associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  CAT-213
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAT-213 is a fully human anti-eotaxin monoclonal antibody with potential in the treatment of allergic disorders, has moved into pre-clinical development. It is developed by MedImmune for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cetirizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent second-generation histamine H1 antagonist that is effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, chronic urticaria, and pollen-induced asthma. Unlike many traditional antihistamines, it does not cause drowsiness or anticholinergic side effects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial allergic rhinitis and the treatment of the uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dexchlorpheniramine maleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexchlorpheniramine is the S-enantiomer of chlorpheniramine which is a 1st generation anti-histamine. Dexchlorpheniramine has more pharmacological activity than the R and so is more potent than the racemic mixture.
4. Indication:  Dexchlorpheniramine can be used in the treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhiniti, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and dermographism.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Azatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihistamines such as azatadine appear to compete with histamine for histamine H1- receptor sites on effector cells. The antihistamines antagonize those pharmacological effects of histamine which are mediated through activation of H1- receptor sites and thereby reduce the intensity of allergic reactions and tissue injury response involving histamine release.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the symptoms of upper respiratory mucosal congestion in perennial and allergic rhinitis, and for the relief of nasal congestion and eustachian t.b. congestion.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  QAV-680
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QAV680 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Asthma, Allergic Rhinitis, and Seasonal Allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  GSK-1004723
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gsk1004723 has been investigated for the treatment of Allergic Rhinitis and Rhinitis, Allergic, Seasonal.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Mometasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mometasone is a medium-potency synthetic corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory, antipruritic, and vasoconstrictive properties. Studies in asthmatic patients have demonstrated that mometasone provides a favorable ratio of topical to systemic activity due to its primary local effect along with the extensive hepatic metabolism and the lack of active metabolites. Though effective for the treatment of asthma, glucocorticoids do not affect asthma symptoms immediately. Maximum improvement in symptoms following inhaled administration of mometasone furoate may not be achieved for 1 to 2 weeks or longer after starting treatment. The anti-inflammatory actions of corticosteroids are thought to involve phospholipase A2 inhibitory proteins, lipocortins, which control the biosynthesis of potent mediators of inflammation such as prostaglandins and leukotrienes.
4. Indication:  The inhaler is indicated for the maintenance treatment of asthma as prophylactic therapy. The nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic and perennial allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  SB-705498
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SB-705498 has been investigated for the treatment of Rhinitis, Chronic Cough, and Non-allergic Rhinitis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluticasone furoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. Despite the similarity in the names, fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate are different drugs with different properties. It is marketed under the brand name, Veramyst in the US by GlaxoSmithKline for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). FDA approved on April 27, 2007. Fluticasone furoate is available as a combination product with vilanterol, a long-acting beta-2 agonist, under the tradename Breo Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, its use is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease. Breo Ellipta should not be used for the relief of acute symptoms of asthma or COPD.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tranilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tranilast is an antiallergic drug developed by Kissei Pharmaceuticals. It was approved in 1982 for use in Japan and South Korea for bronchial asthma. Indications for keloid and hypertrophic scar were added in 1993. It has been used for the treatment of allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchial asthma, keloid and hypertrophic scar, and allergic disorders such as asthma, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Chloropyramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloropyramine is a first generation antihistamine drug approved in some Eastern European countries for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions. Related indications for clinical use include Quincke's edema, allergic reactions to insect bites, food and drug allergies, and anaphylactic shock.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, bronchial asthma, and other atopic (allergic) conditions.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Azelastine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Azelastine, a phthalazine derivative, is an antihistamine and mast cell stabilizer available as a nasal spray for hay fever and as eye drops for allergic conjunctivitis. Azelastine is also available as a combination product of azelastine hydrochloride and fluticasone propionate called Dymista™. Dymista™ is indicated in patient over 12 years old for symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of seasonal allergic rhinitis and non-allergic rhinitis, as well as symptomatic relief of ocular itching associated with allergic conjunctivitis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  REV131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  rEV131 is in development for allergic rhinitis, asthma and several inflammatory eye diseases. It is a topically delivered small protein that acts as an anti-inflammatory agent.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction, allergic rhinitis, and cataracts.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Propylhexedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.
4. Indication:  It is used to provide temporary symptomatic relief of nasal congestion due to colds, allergies and allergic rhinitis.
