DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rubella virus vaccine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rubella virus vaccine is a live attenuated virus vaccine for active immunization against rubella (German measles) that is subcutaneously administered. It is prepared from RA 27/3 strain of live attenuated rubella virus. Rubella is a common childhood disease, caused by rubella virus (togavirus).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Lenograstim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenograstim is a recombinant granulocyte colony-stimulating factor which functions as an immunostimulator.
4. Indication:  The drug is used to reduce the risk of life-threatening infection in patients with neutropenia, particularly after cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is indicated as a treatment to reduce the duration of neutropenia and the severity of infections in patients with non-myeloid malignancy who have undergone autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation, or treatment with established cytotoxic chemotherapy and in addition to reduce the incidence of infection associated with established cytotoxic chemotherapy.Lenograstim is also indicated to mobilise peripheral blood progenitor cells (PBPCs) with Lenograstim alone, or after myelosuppressive chemotherapy, in order to accelerate haematopoietic recovery by infusion of such cells, after myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapy. Lenograstim is also indicated to accelerate the engraftment of these cells after their reinfusion.GRANOCYTE is also indicated for the treatment of severe chronic neutropenia including congenital agranulocytosis (Kostmann's syndrome).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vandetanib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vandetanib is an oral once-daily kinase inhibitor of tumour angiogenesis and tumour cell proliferation with the potential for use in a broad range of tumour types.On April 6 2011, vandetanib was approved by the FDA to treat nonresectable, locally advanced, or metastatic medullary thyroid cancer in adult patients.
4. Indication:  Vandetanib is currently approved as an alternative to local therapies for both unresectable and disseminated disease. Because Vandetanib can prolong the Q-T interval, it is contraindicated for use in patients with serious cardiac complications such as congenital long QT syndrome and uncompensated heart failure. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Aminopterin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate. 
4. Indication:  Prior to its withdrawal, aminopterin was initially used in the treatment of childhood leukemia; specifically to induce remissions. Later, aminopterin was used off-label in the United States to treat psoriasis, yielding dramatic lesion clearing. Aminopterin was later supplanted by methotrexate for treating cancer because of its better therapeutic index. Aminopterin (as well as methotrexate) has also been explored for use as an abortifacient. However, their association with severe congenital malformations and teratogenic effects have become known as fetal aminopterin syndrome. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sulfadiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  One of the short-acting sulfonamides used in combination with pyrimethamine to treat toxoplasmosis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and in newborns with congenital infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatic fever and meningococcal meningitis
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Vatreptacog alfa
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatreptacog Alfa (Activated) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia B, Haemophilia A, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia A With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia B With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Tocofersolan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tocofersolan is a polyethylene glycol derivative of α-tocopherol and synthetic water-soluble version of vitamin E. Tocofersolan is an oral treatment of vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in pediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis. It was approved by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in June 2009 under the market name Vedrop. Tocofersolan is also used in cosmetics and pharmaceuticals as an antioxidant.
4. Indication:  Vedrop is indicated in vitamin E deficiency due to digestive malabsorption in paediatric patients with congenital chronic cholestasis or hereditary chronic cholestasis, from birth (full term newborns) up to 18years of age. [EMA]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Uridine triacetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Uridine triacetate, formerly known as vistonuridine, is an orally active prodrug of the naturally occurring nucleoside uridine. It is used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria (Xuriden), or for the emergency treatment of fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose or toxicity (Vistogard). It is provided in the prodrug form as uridine triacetate as this form delivers 4- to 6-fold more uridine into the systemic circulation compared to equimolar doses of uridine itself. When used for the treatment or prevention of toxicity associated with fluorouracil and other antimetabolites, uridine triacetate is utilized for its ability to compete with 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) metabolites for incorporation into the genetic material of non-cancerous cells. It reduces toxicity and cell-death associated with two cytotoxic intermediates: 5-fluoro-2'-deoxyuridine-5'-monophosphate (FdUMP) and 5-fluorouridine triphosphate (FUTP). Normally, FdUMP inhibits thymidylate synthase required for thymidine synthesis and DNA replication and repair while FUTP incorporates into RNA resulting in defective strands. As a result, these metabolites are associated with various unpleasant side effects such as neutropenia, mucositis, diarrhea, and hand–foot syndrome. Like many other neoplastic agents, these side effects limit the doses of 5-FU that can be administered, which also affects the efficacy for treatment. By pre-administering with uridine (as the prodrug uridine triacetate), higher doses of 5-FU can be given allowing for improved efficacy and a reduction in toxic side effects [3]. It can also be used as a rescue therapy if severe side effects present within 96 hours after initiation of therapy. Uridine triacetate is also used for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria, also known as uridine monophosphate synthase deficiency. This rare congenital autosomal recessive disorder of pyrimidine metabolism is caused by a defect in uridine monophosphate synthase (UMPS), a bifunctional enzyme that catalyzes the final two steps of the de novo pyrimidine biosynthetic pathway. As a result of UMPS deficiency, patients experience a systemic deficiency of pyrimidine nucleotides, accounting for most symptoms of the disease. Additionally, orotic acid from the de novo pyrimidine pathway that cannot be converted to UMP is excreted in the urine, accounting for the common name of the disorder, orotic aciduria. Furthermore, orotic acid crystals in the urine can cause episodes of obstructive uropathy. When administered as the prodrug uridine triacetate, uridine can be used by essentially all cells to make uridine nucleotides, which compensates for the genetic deficiency in synthesis in patients with hereditary orotic aciduria. When intracellular uridine nucleotides are restored into the normal range, overproduction of orotic acid is reduced by feedback inhibition, so that urinary excretion of orotic acid is also reduced.
4. Indication:  Marketed as the product Xuriden (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the treatment of hereditary orotic aciduria.Marketed as the product Vistogard (FDA), uridine triacetate is indicated for the emergency treatment of adult and pediatric patients in the following situations: following a fluorouracil or capecitabine overdose regardless of the presence of symptoms; or who exhibit early-onset, severe or life-threatening toxicity affecting the cardiac or central nervous system, and/or early-onset, unusually severe adverse reactions (e.g., gastrointestinal toxicity and/or neutropenia) within 96 hours following the end of fluorouracil or capecitabine administration. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Coagulation factor VII human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coagulation factor VII is human serine protease type enzyme that is involved in the extrinsic coagulation cascade which results in blood clotting.
4. Indication:  May be administered in cases of uncontrolled bleeding. Factor VII alone can be used in the treatment of congenital hemophilia A or B, acquired hemophilia, congenital factor VII deficiency, and Glanzmann's thrombasthenia. Off label use in the treatment of refractory bleeding after cardiac surgery and warfarin related intracerebral hemorrhage. Brands for human factor VII are currently only in combination with other vitamin K coagulation factors and can be used to reverse vitamin K antagonist activity in patients with acute major bleeds or for urgent surgery/invasive procedures. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  KAI-1455
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ischemic reperfusion injury.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Omigapil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omigapil has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Liothyronine I-131
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liothyronine I-131 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tricuspid Atresia and Heart Defects, Congenital.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Verucerfont
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Verucerfont has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congenital Adrenal Hyperplasia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Fibrinogen Human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fibrinogen concentrate (human) is a hematological agent. It works by replacing a certain protein in the blood that helps with blood clotting.Fibrinogen (factor I) is a soluble plasma glycoprotein with a molecular weight of about 340 kDa.It is a physiological substrate for three enzymes: plasmin, factor XIIIa and thrombin. it is indicated for the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute bleeding episodes in patients with congenital fibrinogen deficiency, including afibrinogenemia and hypofibrinogenemia.
