DrugId:  1
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m Injection is indicated for use in adults for imaging in the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and nasolacrimal drainage system (dacryoscintigraphy). It is indicated for use in children for imaging the following tissues: thyroid and urinary bladder. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Histamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A depressor amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of histidine. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Histamine phosphate is indicated as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gastric acid secretory function.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hyoscyamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hyoscyamine is a chemical compound, a tropane alkaloid it is the levo-isomer to atropine. It is a secondary metabolite of some plants, particularly henbane (Hyoscamus niger.)Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in end of life care.
4. Indication:  For treatment of bladder spasms, peptic ulcer disease, diverticulitis, colic, irritable bowel syndrome, cystitis, and pancreatitis. Also used to treat certain heart conditions, to control the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and rhinitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cevimeline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cevimeline is a parasympathomimetic and muscarinic agonist, with particular effect on M3 receptors. It is indicated by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of dry mouth associated with Sjögren's syndrome. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Xanthine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A purine base found in most body tissues and fluids, certain plants, and some urinary calculi. It is an intermediate in the degradation of adenosine monophosphate to uric acid, being formed by oxidation of hypoxanthine. The methylated xanthine compounds caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline and their derivatives are used in medicine for their bronchodilator effects. (Dorland, 28th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Allopurinol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A xanthine oxidase inhibitor that decreases uric acid production. It also acts as an antimetabolite on some simpler organisms. Allopurinol is considered a standard treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout. In August 2017, an oral combination agent Duzallo was approved by FDA as a dual-mechanism treatment of hyperuricemia in patients with uncontrolled gout. Duzallo contains allopurinol and Lesinurad, a recently FDA-approved URAT1 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with primary or secondary gout. Also indicated for the treatment of primary or secondary uric acid nephropathy, with or without the symptoms of gout, as well as chemotherapy-induced hyperuricemia and recurrent renal calculi.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Thyroglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Thyroglobulin (also known as Tg) is an enzyme thyroid hormone used by the thyroid gland to produce the thyroid hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). The active form of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, is produced both within the thyroid gland and periphery by 5'-deiodinase. Patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis or Graves' disease, frequently develop antibodies against thyroglobulin. Thyroglobulin is used to treat hypothyroidism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypothyroidism (deficiency in the production of thyroid hormone).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iodide I-123
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodide I-123 (as sodium Iodide I-123) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, I-123 is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive I-123 in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131.
4. Indication:  Administration of Sodium Iodide I 123 Capsules is indicated as a diagnostic procedure to be used in evaluating thyroid function and/or morphology.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Anisotropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For use in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Glycopyrronium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.
4. Indication:  For use as a preoperative antimuscarinic to reduce salivary, tracheobronchial, and pharyngeal secretions, to reduce the volume and free acidity of gastric secretions and to block cardiac vagal inhibitory reflexes during induction of anesthesia and intubation. Also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Propylthiouracil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A thiourea antithyroid agent. Propythiouracil inhibits the synthesis of thyroxine and inhibits the peripheral conversion of throxine to tri-iodothyronine. It is used in the treatment of hyperthyroidism. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopeoia, 30th ed, p534)
4. Indication:  Used to manage hyperthyroidism which is due to an overactive thyroid gland (Grave's disease).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Potassium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Potassium citrate (also known as tripotassium citrate) is a potassium salt of citric acid. It is a white, hygroscopic crystalline powder. It is odorless with a saline taste. It contains 38.3% potassium by mass. In the monohydrate form it is highly hygroscopic and deliquescent.Potassium citrate is used to treat a kidney stone condition called renal tubular acidosis. Potassium Citrate is indicated also for the management of Hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis.
4. Indication:  For the management of renal tubular acidosis, hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis, and uric acid lithiasis with or without calcium stones.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123 is a radiopharmaceutical used in gamma-scintigraphy of adrenergically inervated tissues [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in the diagnostic imaging of adrenergically inervated tissues for the purposes of detecting metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma [FDA Label]. Also used to assess the sympathetic inervation of the myocardium via determination of the heart to mediastinum ratio of radioactivity in patients with New York Heart Association class II or III heart failure.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate is a quaternary ammonium anticholinergic. It binds muscarinic acetycholine receptors and thereby decreases secretory excretion of stomach acids as well as saliva and sweat.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric hyperacidity, and hypermotility in gastritis and pylorospasm, and in the treatment of hyperhidrosis (excessive perspiration).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Thyroid, porcine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desiccated thyroid or thyroid extract, refers to porcine or bovine thyroid glands, dried and powdered for therapeutic use. In the last few decades, pork alone is the usual source.Desiccated (dried) thyroid is a combination of hormones that are normally produced by your thyroid gland to regulate the body's energy and metabolism. Desiccated thyroid is given when the thyroid does not produce enough of this hormone on its own.Desiccated thyroid treats hypothyroidism (low thyroid hormone). It is also used to treat or prevent goiter (enlarged thyroid gland), and is also given as part of a medical tests for thyroid disorders.This medicine should not be used to treat obesity or weight problems.
4. Indication:  Replacement or supplemental therapy in hypothyroidism; TSH suppression (in thyroid cancer, nodules, goiters, and enlargement in chronic thyroiditis); diagnostic agent to differentiate suspected hyperthyroidism from euthyroidism.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methscopolamine is a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine and antagonist at muscarininc (mACh) receptors. Methscopolamine bromide is the most common form of the active ingredient in oral pharmaceutical products. The oral tablets are used as an adjunct therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer and is shown to be effective in decreasing the rate of recurrence of peptic ulcers as well as preventing complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ronacaleret
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ronacaleret is a calcium-sensing receptor antagonist.
4. Indication:  Post-menopausal women with osteoporosis
