DrugId:  1
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m Injection is indicated for use in adults for imaging in the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and nasolacrimal drainage system (dacryoscintigraphy). It is indicated for use in children for imaging the following tissues: thyroid and urinary bladder. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Iodide I-131
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iodide I-131 (as Sodium iodide I-131) is a radioisotopic drug used for the treatment and palliation of thyroid malignancy. Iodine-131 is notable for causing mutation and death in cells that it penetrates, which is due to its mode of beta decay. As a result of beta decay, approximately 10% of its energy and radiation dose is via gamma radiation, while the other 90% (beta radiation) causes tissue damage without contributing to any ability to see or image the isotope. Low levels of beta radiation are also known for causing cancer as this dose is highly mutagenic. For this reason, less toxic iodine isotopes such as I-123 are more frequently used in nuclear imaging, while I-131 is reserved for its tissue destroying effects. Because the thyroid gland naturally takes up iodine from the body, therapeutic methods using radioisotopes can take advantage of this mechanism for localization of drug to the site of malignancy. Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
4. Indication:  Therapeutic solutions of Sodium Iodide-131 are indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism and thyroid carcinomas that take up iodine. Palliative effects may be observed in patients with advanced thyroid malignancy if the metastatic lesions take up iodine. It is also indicated for use in performance of the radioactive iodide (RAI) uptake test to evaluate thyroid function.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Histamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A depressor amine derived by enzymatic decarboxylation of histidine. It is a powerful stimulant of gastric secretion, a constrictor of bronchial smooth muscle, a vasodilator, and also a centrally acting neurotransmitter.
4. Indication:  Histamine phosphate is indicated as a diagnostic aid for evaluation of gastric acid secretory function.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Hyoscyamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hyoscyamine is a chemical compound, a tropane alkaloid it is the levo-isomer to atropine. It is a secondary metabolite of some plants, particularly henbane (Hyoscamus niger.)Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in end of life care.
4. Indication:  For treatment of bladder spasms, peptic ulcer disease, diverticulitis, colic, irritable bowel syndrome, cystitis, and pancreatitis. Also used to treat certain heart conditions, to control the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and rhinitis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cevimeline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cevimeline is a parasympathomimetic and muscarinic agonist, with particular effect on M3 receptors. It is indicated by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of dry mouth associated with Sjögren's syndrome. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Thyroglobulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Thyroglobulin (also known as Tg) is an enzyme thyroid hormone used by the thyroid gland to produce the thyroid hormones thyroxine (T4) and triiodothyronine (T3). The active form of thyroxine, triiodothyronine, is produced both within the thyroid gland and periphery by 5'-deiodinase. Patients with Hashimoto's thyroiditis or Graves' disease, frequently develop antibodies against thyroglobulin. Thyroglobulin is used to treat hypothyroidism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypothyroidism (deficiency in the production of thyroid hormone).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Iodide I-123
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodide I-123 (as sodium Iodide I-123) is a radioactive isotope of iodine used in nuclear medicine for the diagnostic study of thyroid disease. Following oral administration, I-123 is absorbed through the gastrointestinal tract and is taken up by the thyroid gland. After incorporation, a gamma camera is used to detect the decay by electron capture to tellurium-123.Iodine is commonly used in thyroid function diagnostic tests as this gland normally absorbs iodine through the diet for formation of the thyroid hormones triiodothyronine (T3) and its prohormone, thyroxine (T4). Radioactive I-123 in particular is effective for this use as its half-life of approximately 13.13 h (hours) is ideal for the 24-h (hour) iodine uptake test and it has a reduced radiation burden as compared to I-131.
4. Indication:  Administration of Sodium Iodide I 123 Capsules is indicated as a diagnostic procedure to be used in evaluating thyroid function and/or morphology.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  KB002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB002 is an engineered human IgG1k antibody engineered human. It is developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, initially rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Glycopyrronium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.
4. Indication:  For use as a preoperative antimuscarinic to reduce salivary, tracheobronchial, and pharyngeal secretions, to reduce the volume and free acidity of gastric secretions and to block cardiac vagal inhibitory reflexes during induction of anesthesia and intubation. Also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  humanized SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The humanized anti-IL-12 antibody is an important addition to PDL's already strong pipeline of humanized antibodies being developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases. SMART Anti-IL-12 Antibody was humanized at PDL from a murine anti-IL-12 antibody that was licensed, together with certain intellectual property related to anti-IL-12 therapy, from Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. IL-12 is a cytokine that may have considerable potential as a target in the therapy of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
