DrugId:  1
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Pilocarpine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects. Pilocarpine is used as a miotic and in the treatment of glaucoma. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of radiation-induced dry mouth (xerostomia) and symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögrens syndrome.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m Injection is indicated for use in adults for imaging in the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and nasolacrimal drainage system (dacryoscintigraphy). It is indicated for use in children for imaging the following tissues: thyroid and urinary bladder. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cevimeline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cevimeline is a parasympathomimetic and muscarinic agonist, with particular effect on M3 receptors. It is indicated by the Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of dry mouth associated with Sjögren's syndrome. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms of dry mouth in patients with Sjögren's Syndrome.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Xanthine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A purine base found in most body tissues and fluids, certain plants, and some urinary calculi. It is an intermediate in the degradation of adenosine monophosphate to uric acid, being formed by oxidation of hypoxanthine. The methylated xanthine compounds caffeine, theobromine, and theophylline and their derivatives are used in medicine for their bronchodilator effects. (Dorland, 28th ed)
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Allopurinol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A xanthine oxidase inhibitor that decreases uric acid production. It also acts as an antimetabolite on some simpler organisms. Allopurinol is considered a standard treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout. In August 2017, an oral combination agent Duzallo was approved by FDA as a dual-mechanism treatment of hyperuricemia in patients with uncontrolled gout. Duzallo contains allopurinol and Lesinurad, a recently FDA-approved URAT1 inhibitor indicated for the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hyperuricemia associated with primary or secondary gout. Also indicated for the treatment of primary or secondary uric acid nephropathy, with or without the symptoms of gout, as well as chemotherapy-induced hyperuricemia and recurrent renal calculi.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Adecatumumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adecatumumab is a recombinant human monoclonal antibody of the IgG1 subclass with a binding specificity to epithelial cell adhesion molecule (EpCAM). EpCAM (CD326) is a cell surface protein that is frequently expressed at high level on most solid tumor types, including prostate, breast, colon, gastric, ovarian, pancreatic and lung cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Becatecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), liver cancer, gastric cancer, and leukemia (unspecified).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Human secretin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human secretin is a gastrointestinal peptide hormone that regulates secretions in the stomach, pancreas, and liver. The hormone is produced from the enterochromaffin cells in the duodenum in response to the duodenal content with the pH less than 4.5 [5]. The main action of secretin is to stimulate the pancreas to secrete pancreatic juice for pH regulation in the small intestines. Secretin is also responsible in body fluid homeostasis [4] and bile production. Although it is a gastrointestinal hormone, secretin is also considered as a neuropeptide hormone since it is also expressed in the central nervous system [3].Purified synthetic human secretin, also referred to as RG1068, is available as an intravenous injection under the market name ChiRhoStim ® in the U.S.. It contains an amino acid sequence identical to the naturally occurring hormone consisting of 27 amino acids [FDA Label] that supports α-helical formation [3]. The carboxyl-terminal amino acid, valine, is amidated. Synthetic human secretin displays equivalent biological activity and properties as naturally-occurring secretin [1]. It is indicated for the stimulation of the pancreatic and gastric secretions to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and the diagnosis of gastrinoma, and facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the stimulation of:pancreatic secretions, including bicarbonate, to aid in the diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction [FDA Label].gastrin secretion to aid in the diagnosis of gastrinoma [FDA Label].pancreatic secretions to facilitate the identification of the ampulla of Vater and accessory papilla during endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ERCP) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Anisotropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For use in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Aldosterone
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  A hormone secreted by the adrenal cortex that regulates electrolyte and water balance by increasing the renal retention of sodium and the excretion of potassium. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Glycopyrronium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.
4. Indication:  For use as a preoperative antimuscarinic to reduce salivary, tracheobronchial, and pharyngeal secretions, to reduce the volume and free acidity of gastric secretions and to block cardiac vagal inhibitory reflexes during induction of anesthesia and intubation. Also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Terlipressin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Terlipressin is an analogue of vasopressin used as a vasoactive drug in the management of hypotension. It has been found to be effective when norepinephrine does not help. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Commonly used to stop bleeding of varices in the food pipe (oesophagus).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Methscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methscopolamine is a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine and antagonist at muscarininc (mACh) receptors. Methscopolamine bromide is the most common form of the active ingredient in oral pharmaceutical products. The oral tablets are used as an adjunct therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer and is shown to be effective in decreasing the rate of recurrence of peptic ulcers as well as preventing complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Potassium Citrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Potassium citrate (also known as tripotassium citrate) is a potassium salt of citric acid. It is a white, hygroscopic crystalline powder. It is odorless with a saline taste. It contains 38.3% potassium by mass. In the monohydrate form it is highly hygroscopic and deliquescent.Potassium citrate is used to treat a kidney stone condition called renal tubular acidosis. Potassium Citrate is indicated also for the management of Hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis.
4. Indication:  For the management of renal tubular acidosis, hypocitraturic calcium oxalate nephrolithiasis, and uric acid lithiasis with or without calcium stones.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Iobenguane sulfate I-123 is a radiopharmaceutical used in gamma-scintigraphy of adrenergically inervated tissues [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in the diagnostic imaging of adrenergically inervated tissues for the purposes of detecting metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma [FDA Label]. Also used to assess the sympathetic inervation of the myocardium via determination of the heart to mediastinum ratio of radioactivity in patients with New York Heart Association class II or III heart failure.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphemanil Methylsulfate is a quaternary ammonium anticholinergic. It binds muscarinic acetycholine receptors and thereby decreases secretory excretion of stomach acids as well as saliva and sweat.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of peptic ulcer, gastric hyperacidity, and hypermotility in gastritis and pylorospasm, and in the treatment of hyperhidrosis (excessive perspiration).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Solifenacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Solifenacin (rINN), marketed as solifenacin succinate under the trade name Vesicare, is a urinary antispasmodic of the anticholinergic class. It is used in the treatment of overactive bladder with urge incontinence. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of overactive bladder with symptoms of urge urinary incontinence, urgency, and urinary frequency.
