DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Salmonella typhi ty21a live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salmonella typhi ty21a live antigen is a live attenuated vaccine for oral administration only. It contains the attenuated strain Salmonella typhi Ty21a. The vaccine prevents the development of typhoid fever, an acute, febrile enteric disease caused by Salmonella typhi by inducing a local immune response in the intestinal tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ty800
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ty800 is a vaccine designed to offer rapid, oral, single-dose protection against Salmonella typhi, the cause of typhoid fever. The Ty800 vaccine was developed using genetic techniques to delete specific genes known to be essential to the virulence of S. typhi. It is being developed by AVANT Immunotherapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the production of immunity to Salmonella typhi, the cause of typhoid fever.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  JB991
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  JB991 is a cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue intended for treatment of psoriasis. The drug exerts marked antiproliferative and pro-apoptotic effect in human keratinocytes and fibroblasts in vitro. In addition a closely related cyclopentenone prostaglandin analogue has been shown to exert marked anti-inflammatory effect in vivo in an animal model. The drug will be applied topically on the skin. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Salmonella typhi ty2 vi polysaccharide antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Salmonella typhi ty2 vi polysaccharide antigen is a vaccine that is administered intramuscularly. It is an active immunization for the prevention of typhoid fever caused by S typhi and is approved for use in persons two years of age or older. The vaccine contains the purified cell surface Vi polysaccharide extracted from Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi, S typhi Ty2 strain. The bacterial culture is inactivated in the medium with the capsular polysaccharides precipated from the solution.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Sulfadimethoxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Sulfadimethoxine is a sulfonamide antibiotic. Sulfadimethoxine is used to treat many infections including treatment of respiratory, urinary tract, enteric, and soft tissue infections. It is most frequently used in veterinary medicine, although it is approved in some countries for use in humans. Sulfadimethoxine inhibits bacterial synthesis of folic acid (pteroylglutamic acid) from para-aminobenzoic acid. Sulfadimethoxine is approved in Russia for use in humans, including children, and has been successfully used there for more than 35 years. It is widely available in Russia as an over-the-counter drug manufactured by a number of Russian pharmaceutical companies.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Omadacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Temafloxacin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Temafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic drug which was withdrawn from sale in the U.S. shortly after its approval in 1992 because of serious adverse reactions resulting in three deaths. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lower respiratory tract infections, genital and urinary infections like prostatitis, and skin infections.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  LX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX201 is a silicone matrix ocular implant that provides sustained release of cyclosporine A (CsA) locally to the eye over the course of one year. LX201 is implanted subconjunctivally (beneath the transparent membrane covering the white of the eye) in a minimally invasive procedure. The implant is being developed clinically for the prevention of rejection in corneal transplantation. It is being developed by Lux Biosciences, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections and transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lomefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lomefloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic, used to treat bacterial infections including bronchitis and urinary tract infections. It is also used to prevent urinary tract infections prior to surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections of the respiratory tract (chronic bronchitis) and urinary tract, and as a pre-operative prophylactic to prevent urinary tract infection caused by: S.pneumoniae, H.influenzae, S.aureus, P.aeruginosa, E. cloacae, P. mirabilis, C. civersus, S. asprphyticus, E.coli, and K.pneumoniae.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Ceforanide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ceforanide is a second-generation parenteral cephalosporin antibiotic. It has a longer elimination half-life than any currently available cephalosporin. Its activity is very similar to that of cefamandole, a second-generation cephalosporin, except that ceforanide is less active against most gram-positive organisms. Many coliforms, including Escherichia coli, Klebsiella, Enterobacter, and Proteus, are susceptible to ceforanide, as are most strains of Salmonella, Shigella, Hemophilus, Citrobacter and Arizona species.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections caused by susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pefloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic broad-spectrum fluoroquinolone antibacterial agent active against most gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis in males and for gram-negative-bacterial infections in the gastrointestinal system and the genitourinary tract.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethyl pyruvate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CTI-01 (ethyl pyruvate) is a novel anti-inflammatory agent for the treatment of critical inflammatory conditions. CTI-01 shows a potent anti-inflammatory and tissue protection activity in multiple animal models of disease including pancreatitis, ischemia-reperfusion injury, sepsis, renal injury and endotoxemia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections, cardiac surgery, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), ischemic reperfusion injury, and sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cavia porcellus hair
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Guinea pig hair is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Astaxanthin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Astaxanthin is a keto-carotenoid in the terpenes class of chemical compounds. It is classified as a xanthophyll but it is a carotenoid with no vitamin A activity. It is present in most red-coloured aquatic organisms. Astaxanthin has shown to mediate anti-oxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. It may be found in fish feed or some animal food as a color additive.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in eye disorders/infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and asthma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Equus caballus dander
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Equus caballus dander is the dander of Equus caballus. Equus caballus dander is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ceftolozane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ceftolozane is a semi-synthetic beta-lactam antibiotic. It was approved by the FDA in January 2015 for use in combination with tazobactam for the treatment of:-Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections, used in combination with metronidazole.-Complicated Urinary Tract Infections, including Pyelonephritis.Ceftolozane/tazobactam is marketed under the brand name Zerbaxa™ by Cubist Pharmaceuticals U.S, which effective January 22, 2015, is now a wholly owned subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc.
4. Indication:  -Complicated Intra-abdominal Infections, used in combination with metronidazole.-Complicated Urinary Tract Infections, including Pyelonephritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nitrofurantoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A bacteriostatic or bactericidal agent depending on the concentration and susceptibility of the infecting organism. Nitrofurantoin is active against some gram positive organisms such as S. aureus, S. epidermidis, S. saprophyticus, Enterococcus faecalis, S. agalactiae, group D streptococci, viridians streptococci and Corynebacterium. Its spectrum of activity against gram negative organisms includes E. coli, Enterobacter, Neisseria, Salmonella and Shigella. It may be used as an alternative to trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole for treating urinary tract infections though it may be less effective at eradicating vaginal bacteria. May also be used in females as prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. Nitrofurantoin is highly stable to the development of bacterial resistance, a property thought to be due to its multiplicity of mechanisms of action. 
4. Indication:  May be used as an alternative in the treatment of urinary tract infections. May be used by females pericoitally for prophylaxis against recurrent cystitis related to coitus. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fomivirsen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [6]. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis Pharmaceuticals, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis [3]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the local treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), when other therapy has been ineffective or is considered unsuitable [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Canis lupus familiaris dander
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Canis lupus familiaris dander is the dander of Canis lupus familiaris. Canis lupus familiaris dander is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Vaborbactam
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vaborbactam is a cyclic boronic acid pharmacophore β-lactamase inhibitor. It has been used in trials studying the treatment of bacterial infections in subjects with varying degrees of renal insufficiency. In August 2017, a combination antibacterial therapy under the market name Vabomere was approved for the treatment of adult patients with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI). Vabomere consists of vaborbactam and Meropenem and is intravenously admininstered. Vaborbactam is added to the therapy to reduce the extent of meropenem degradation by inhibiting serine beta-lactamases of microorganisms [FDA Label]. The treatment aims to resolve infection-related symptoms and achieve negative urine culture, where the infections are proven or strongly suspected to be caused by susceptible bacteria.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with meropenem for the treatment of patients 18 years of age and older with complicated urinary tract infections (cUTI) including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Enterobacter cloacae species complex [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Ampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ampicillin is a semi-synthetic derivative of penicillin that functions as an orally active broad-spectrum antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infection (Respiratory, GI, UTI and meningitis) due to E. coli, P. mirabilis, enterococci, Shigella, S. typhosa and other Salmonella, nonpenicillinase-producing N. gononhoeae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, streptococci including streptoc
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Bos taurus hair
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bos taurus hair is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
