DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Benzyl Benzoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzyl benzoate is one of the older preparations used to treat scabies. Scabies is a skin infection caused by the mite sarcoptes scabiei. It is characterised by severe itching (particularly at night), red spots, and may lead to a secondary infection. Benzyl benzoate is lethal to this mite and so is useful in the treatment of scabies. It is also used to treat lice infestation of the head and body. Benzyl benzoate is not the treatment of choice for scabies due to its irritant properties.
4. Indication:  Used to kill lice and the mites responsible for the skin condition scabies.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Crotamiton
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Crotamiton is a scabicidal and antipruritic agent available as a cream or lotion for topical use only. It is a colorless to slightly yellowish oil, having a faint amine-like odor. It is miscible with alcohol and with methanol.
4. Indication:  For eradication of scabies (Sarcoptes scabiei) and for symptomatic treatment of pruritic skin.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Lindane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An organochlorine insecticide that has been used as a pediculicide and a scabicide. Lindane has been banned in California, United Kingdom, Australia, and many western countries due to concerns about neurotoxicity and adverse effects on the environment. In Canada, Lindane is not recommmended as a first-line therapy due to reports of resistance, neurotoxicity, and bone marrow suppression, but has been approved by the FDA as a second-line therapy for topical treatment of pediculosis capitis (head lice), pediculosis pubis (pubic lice), or scabies in patients greater than two years of age who cannot tolerate or have failed first-line treatment. Lindane is still allowed for pharmaceutical use until 2015. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients infested with Sarcoptes scabiei or pediculosis capitis who have either failed to respond to adequate doses, or are intolerant of other approved therapies.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Permethrin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrethroid insecticide commonly used in the treatment of lice infestations and scabies. It is a yellow to light orange-brown, low melt-ing solid or viscous liquid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infestation with Sarcoptes scabiei (scabies).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tea tree oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tea tree oil is also referred to as melaleuca oil due to its origin from Melaleuca alternifolia, a tea tree native to Australia. The oil is extracted from the leaves via distillation. It has been used in traditional medicine due to its antiseptic properties, however the mechanism of action of tea tree oil is unclear. Oral ingestion of tea tree oil is toxic, so it is topically applied for skin conditions such as fungal infections, acne, lice, scabies, athlete's foot (tinea pedis) and dandruff. It is also found in cosmetics and skin products to reduce skin blemishes.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ivermectin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ivermectin is a broad-spectrum anti-parasite medication. It was first marketed under the name Stromectol® and used against worms (except tapeworms), but, in 2012, it was approved for the topical treatment of head lice infestations in patients 6 months of age and older, and marketed under the name Sklice™ as well. Ivermectin is mainly used in humans in the treatment of onchocerciasis, but is also effective against other worm infestations (such as strongyloidiasis, ascariasis, trichuriasis and enterobiasis).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intestinal (i.e., nondisseminated) strongyloidiasis due to the nematode parasite Strongyloides stercoralis. Also for the treatment of onchocerciasis (river blindness) due to the nematode parasite Onchocerca volvulus. Can be used to treat scabies caused by Sarcoptes scabiei.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sulfur
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur is a chemical element that is present in all living tissues. After calcium and phosphorus, it is the third most abundant mineral in the human body. Sulfur is also found in garlic, onions and broccoli.People take sulfur by mouth for shortness of breath, allergies, swelling in the back of the throat (pharyngitis), high cholesterol, clogged arteries, menopause, and upper respiratory tract infections like the common cold. Sulfur seems to have an antibacterial activity. It has been also used for acne.
4. Indication:  Topically it is indicated for dandruff, acne, Hayfever, common cold, scaly and red skin patches (seborrheic dermatitis).Poison ivy, and sumac infections. 
