DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Atractylodes japonica root
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Atractylodes japonica root oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atractylodes japonica root oil is obtained from the roots of Atractylodes japonica, which is a herb native to eastern Asia. It is present in some cosmetic products such as whitening creams as an active ingredient and lubricant for skin irritation. Atractylodes japonica is reported to have anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive effects [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Oxamniquine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)
4. Indication:  For treatment of Schistosomiasis caused by Schistosoma mansoni
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Niclosamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Niclosamide is used for the treatment of most tapeworm infections. Helminths (worms) are multicellular organisms that infect very large numbers of humans and cause a broad range of diseases. Over 1 billion people are infected with intestinal nematodes, and many millions are infected with filarial nematodes, flukes, and tapeworms. They are an even greater problem in domestic animals. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of tapeworm and intestinal fluke infections: Taenia saginata (Beef Tapeworm), Taenia solium (Pork Tapeworm), Diphyllobothrium latum (Fish Tapeworm), Fasciolopsis buski (large intestinal fluke). Niclosamide is also used as a molluscicide in the control of schistosomiasis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Praziquantel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic used in most schistosome and many cestode infestations.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections due to all species of schistosoma.
