DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ifetroban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ifetroban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Skin Diseases, Autoimmune Diseases, Pathologic Processes, Scleroderma, Limited, and Scleroderma, Diffuse, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Anifrolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Anifrolumab has been investigated for the treatment of Scleroderma.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Halofuginone
2. Groups:  Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Halofuginone is a low molecular weight quinazolinone alkaloid, and a potent inhibitor of collagen alpha1(I) and matrix metalloproteinase 2 (MMP-2) gene expression. Halofuginone also effectively suppresses tumor progression and metastasis in mice. Collgard Biopharmaceuticals is developing halofuginone for the treatment of scleroderma and received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in March, 2000.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of scleroderma, cancer, and restenosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clobetasol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Clobetasol is under investigation for the treatment of Scleroderma. Clobetasol has been investigated for the prevention of Psoriasis and Cutaneous Atrophy Due to Corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  ACR325
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ACR325 is developed for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease and psychoses, including bipolar disorder, for which disease existing therapies have only limited effect and considerable adverse side effects. ACR325 is a dopaminergic stabiliser, which has demonstrated promising results in disease models for motor functions and psychoses.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in affective disorders, bipolar disorders, and psychosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cyclopropane
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Cyclopropane was initially investigated because it was thought to be the toxic element in ethylene. Instead, it turned out to be an excellent anesthetic with very rapid onset and recovery while maintaining stable hemodynamics. Its use was ultimately limited because it was highly explosive.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  cryopreserved human liver cells
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vesta Therapeutics is a privately held company developing cell therapeutics for liver repair and regeneration. The Company's technology is centered on the isolation, expansion, and cryopreservation of liver cells (human hepatocytes) obtained from organ donor livers that are not suitable for whole organ transplantation. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in liver disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  RAV12
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RAV12 is investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors. RAV12 is a solid. RAV12 is a chimeric antibody that recognizes RAAG12, an N-linked carbohydrate antigen found on gastric, colon, pancreatic, prostate, ovarian, breast, and kidney cancer cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  INCB7839
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INCB7839 is a novel, orally available ADAM metalloprotease inhibitor that is designed to block activation of the epidermal growth factor (EGFR) pathways. It represents a potentially important new class of targeted breast cancer therapy. It has shown promising clinical activity in heavily pretreated, refractory breast cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  NM-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nissan Chemical and Taisho have been jointly developing NM-702, a drug for the treatment of arteriosclerosis obliterans.M-702 is an orally active inhibitor of phosphodiesterase and thromboxane synthetase. In Japan, Phase 2 studies are being conducted for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans, intermittent claudication caused by spinal canal stenosis, and asthma. In the USA, a Phase 2 study for intermittent claudication caused by arteriosclerosis obliterans has been successfully completed.Intermittent claudication is a major symptom of arteriosclerosis obliterans. It is caused by insufficient oxygen supply to exercising muscles in the lower extremities due to decreased blood flow as a result of sclerosis of peripheral arteries. It is estimated that about 6 million people suffer from intermittent claudication in the USA, with only 10 percent of these people currently receiving treatment. Patients with claudication experience significant disability, owing to their exercise limitation. Therapeutic options to improve exercise performance in these patients are limited
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Epoprostenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A prostaglandin that is a powerful vasodilator and inhibits platelet aggregation. It is biosynthesized enzymatically from prostaglandin endoperoxides in human vascular tissue. The sodium salt has been also used to treat primary pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the long-term intravenous treatment of primary pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary hypertension associated with the scleroderma spectrum of disease in NYHA Class III and Class IV patients who do not respond adequately to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ertiprotafib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ertiprotafib belongs to a novel class of insulin sensitizers developed for treatment of type 2 diabetes. In insulin-resistant rodent models, ertiprotafib and a close analog lowered both fasting blood glucose and insulin levels and improved glycemic excursion during an oral glucose tolerance test.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sacrosidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sacrosidase is a liquid enzyme preparation from S.cerevisiae used for the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID). People with CSID have variable amounts of sucrose-isomaltase enzyme activity and therefore have issues metabolizing dietary disaccharide sucrose causing chronic or intermittent watery diarrhea in infants and children. Treatment options for these patients are limited and usually consists of a lifelong sucrose-free diet; therefore, sacrosidase offers a potential alternative for symptom relief. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of congenital sucrose-isomaltase deficiency (CSID).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Alteplase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 527 residues purified from CHO cells
4. Indication:  For management of acute myocardial infarction, acute ischemic strok and for lysis of acute pulmonary emboli
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  VEGF-AS
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VEGF-AS (Veglin) is an anti-angiogenesis non-chemotherapy drug (angiogenesis inhibitor) that was developed by VasGene Therapeutics, Inc. for the treatment of a variety of malignancies including mesothelioma. Veglin is one of several newly developed non-chemotherapy drugs being tested for possible utilization in the ongoing struggle to combat malignant mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Phenazopyridine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic that has been used in urinary tract disorders. Its use is limited by problems with toxicity (primarily blood disorders) and potential carcinogenicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of pain, burning, urgency, frequency, and other discomforts arising from irritation of the lower urinary tract mucosa caused by infection, trauma, surgery, endoscopic procedures, or the passage of sounds or catheters.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Avibactam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avibactam is a non-β-lactam β-lactamase inhibitor that is available in combination with ceftazidime (Avycaz). This combination was approved by the FDA on February 25, 2015 for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections in combination with metronidazole, and the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections, including pyelonephritis caused by antibiotic resistant-pathogens, including those caused by multi-drug resistant gram-negative bacterial pathogens. As there is limited clinical safety and efficacy data, Avycaz should be reserved for patients over 18 years old who have limited or not alternative treatment options. 
4. Indication:  AVYCAZ (ceftazidime-avibactam), in combination with metronidazole, is indicated for the treatment of complicated intra-abdominal infections caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Providencia stuartii, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella oxytoca, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.AVYCAZ is also indicated for the treatment of complicated urinary tract infections including pyelonephritis caused by the following susceptible microorganisms: Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Citrobacter koseri, Enterobacter aerogenes, Enterobacter cloacae, Citrobacter freundii, Proteus spp., and Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients 18 years or older.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Sucralfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A basic aluminum complex of sulfated sucrose. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the short-term treatment (up to 8 weeks) of active duodenal ulcer, as well as maintenance therapy for duodenal ulcer patients at reduced dosage (1 gram twice a day) after healing of acute ulcers. Also used for the short-term treatment of gastric ulcer.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Eluxadoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eluxadoline is a mixed mu-opioid receptor agonist, kappa-opioid receptor agonist, and a-delta opioid receptor antagonist indicated for use in diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS-D). The mu-, kappa-, and delta-opioid receptors mediate endogenous and exogenous opioid response in the central nervous system and peripherally in the gastrointestinal system. Agonism of peripheral mu-opioid receptors results in reduced colonic motility, while antagonism of central delta-opioid receptors results in improved analgesia, making eluxadoline usable for the symptoms of both pain and diarrhea characteristic of IBS-D. Marketed under the tradename Viberzi (FDA), eluxadoline is an antimotility agent that decreases bowel contractions, inhibits colonic transit, and reduces ﬂuid/ion secretion resulting in improved symptoms of abdominal pain and reductions in the Bristol Stool Scale. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome with diarrhea (IBS-D).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Becatecarin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), liver cancer, gastric cancer, and leukemia (unspecified).
