DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ripasudil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ripasudil, as hydrochloride hydrate (K-115), is a specifc Rho-associated coiled-coil containing protein kinase (ROCK) inhibitor used for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It was first approved for treatment in Japan in September 2014. This medication is available in the form of a 0.4% eye drop solution under the brand name Glanatec. Ripasudil is a well tolerated medication that is used when other drugs have been proven to be non-effective or cannot be administered.
4. Indication:  Ripasudil has been proven to be effective in the twice daily treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It is currently in studies to be approved for both diabetic retinopathy and diabetic macular oedema. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Loxoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loxoprofen (INN) is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in the propionic acid derivatives group, which also includes ibuprofen and naproxen, among others. It is marketed in Brazil, Mexico and Japan by Sankyo as its sodium salt, loxoprofen sodium, under the trade name Loxonin, Argentina as Oxeno and in India as Loxomac. It is available in these countries for oral administration, and a transdermal preparation was approved for sale in Japan in January 2006.
4. Indication:  Loxoprofen is non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (NSAID) indicated for pain and inflammation related to musculoskeletal and joint disorders [3]. In addition to its effects on pain, it is an antipyretic and anti-inflammatory medication [4].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  TU-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TU-100 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Abdominal Pain, Colonic Transit, Crohn's Disease, Rectal Sensation, and Gastric Emptying, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Propylhexedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propylhexedrine is an alpha-adrenergic agonist often used in nasal decongestant inhalers. It is used to give temporary relief for nasal congestion from colds, allergic rhinitis, or allergies.
4. Indication:  It is used to provide temporary symptomatic relief of nasal congestion due to colds, allergies and allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  RI 624
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RI 624 is a novel humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks nerve growth factor (NGF), a key mediator of acute and chronic pain. RI 624 is being developed by Rinat and is currently in Phase I clinical trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Opebacan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in crohn's disease, congenital anomaly (unspecified), cardiovascular disorders, pediatric indications, and burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  GW 597599
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GW 597599, a neurokinin-1 (NK1) receptor antagonist is currently in phase II trials for chemotherapy-induced vomiting; functional dyspepsia; depression and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy), anxiety disorders, depression, and gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  3-Methylthiofentanyl
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  3-Methyl-thiofentanyl is an opioid analgesic that is an analogue of fentanyl.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sotirimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis and skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  ABT-560
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-560 is a neuronal nicotinic receptor (NNR) modulator, which has shown promise in preclinical models relevant for the treatment of cognitive deficits.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  RPI-78M
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RPI-78M is being developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Other neurological disorders that may be served by RPI-78M include myasthenia gravis (MG), muscular dystrophy (MD) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in multiple sclerosis, neurologic disorders, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Zucapsaicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zucapsaicin, the cis-isomer of capsaicin, is a topical analgesic used to treat osteoarthritis of the knee and other neuropathic pain. It is a modulator of transient receptor potential cation channel subfamily V member 1 (TRPV-1), also known as the vanilloid or capsaicin receptor 1, that reduces pain and improves articular functions. Zucapsaicin has also been tested for treatment of a variety of conditions associated with ongoing nerve pain. This includes herpes simplex infections; cluster headaches and migraine; and knee osteoarthritis. It was approved by the Health Canada in 2010 as topical cream marketed under the brand name Zuacta but currently not FDA-approved.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used in conjunction with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs for the relief of severe pain in adult patients with osteoarthritis of the knee, not controlled with oral COX-2 inhibitors or NSAIDs alone, for a duration of no more than three months. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Propoxycaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic of the ester type that has a rapid onset of action and a longer duration of action than procaine hydrochloride [3]. This drug was removed from the US market in 1996. Although no longer available in the United States, this medication was used in combination with procaine to aid in anesthesia during dental procedures [5]. Used in combination with procaine, it was the only dental local anesthetic available in cartridge form [5].
4. Indication:  Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic medication. It was used beginning in the 1950s during dental procedures [4]. It has been combined with procaine to accelerate its onset of action and provide longer-lasting anesthetic effect [5].It was produced for use when amide local anesthetics were contraindicated due to allergy or when several amide anesthetics were unsuccessful [5].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  LU-31130
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LU-31130 is a rapid acting therapy developed by H. Lundbeck A/S to treat Psychosis, Schizophrenia and Schizoaffective Disorders. It acts at the Dopamine D4 receptors in the cortex and has low affinity for D2 receptors, adrenoceptors, muscarinic and histaminergic receptors.It provides anti-psychotic characteristic and a low incidence of extrapyramidal and cardiovascular side effects. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psychosis and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Somavaratan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somavaratan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Growth Disorders and Adult Growth Hormone Deficiency.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  prGCD
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GCD represents the combination treatment of gemcitabine, carboplatin, and dexamethasone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in metabolic disease and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  SGS518
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SGS518, a novel antagonist for the 5HT6 subtype of the serotonin receptor, is being developed as a treatment for Cognitive Impairment Associated with Schizophrenia (CIAS).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
