DrugId:  1
1. Name:  TA-CIN
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sivifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, and skin cancer.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  MX6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MX6 is adamantyl group derivatives containing retinoid-related compounds induce apoptosis of cancer cells and therefore may be used for the treatment of cancer, including advanced cancer. More specifically, it has been shown that such adamantyl compounds, e.g., 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 2-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-5-benzimidazole carboxylic acid, and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4,5-methylenedioxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, can be used to treat or prevent cervical cancers and precancers such as cervical dysplasias, including high grade and low grade dysplasias.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  R-851
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-851 is part of the family of immune response modifier (IRM) and it acts in a novel way to stimulate the human body's immnune system to attack virus-infected cells and tumor cells. It is expected to be topical treatment for cervical displasia and cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV), the sexually transmitted virus that causes most cases of cervical cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer and viral infection.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Amolimogene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of cervical dysplasia associated with the human papillomavirus (HPV).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  3,3'-diindolylmethane
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Diindolylmethane has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of SLE, Prostate Cancer, Cervical Dysplasia, Stage I Prostate Cancer, and Stage II Prostate Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Matuzumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Matuzumab (formerly EMD 72000) is a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of cancer. It binds to EGFR (epithelial growth factor receptor) with high affinity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, colorectal cancer, gastric cancer, and lung cancer.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  DNB-001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DNB-001 is a first-in-class oral therapy with dual mechanism of action, which is initially being developed for the treatment of glaucoma. In preclinical animal models, DNB-001 has demonstrated potent IOP- lowering effects as well as neuroprotective effects on the optic nerve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Piclamilast
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Piclamilast (RP-73,401), is a selective PDE4 inhibitor. It is comparable to other PDE4 inhibitors for its anti-inflammatory effects. It has been investigated for its applications to the treatment of conditions such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, bronchopulmonary dysplasia and asthma. It is a second generation compound that exhibits structural functionalities of the PDE4 inhibitors cilomilast and roflumilast. The structure for piclamilast was first elucidated in a 1995 European patent application.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Motexafin lutetium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called lutetium texaphyrin. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, cervical dysplasia/cancer, prostate cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), coronary artery disease, macular degeneration, and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Pheniprazine
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Pheniprazine is an irreversible and nonselective monoamine oxidase inhibitor (MAOI) of the hydrazine chemical class that was used as an antidepressant in the 1960s. It was also used in the treatment of angina pectoris and schizophrenia. Pheniprazine has been largely discontinued due to toxicity concerns such as jaundice, amblyopia, and optic neuritis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression, schizophrenia, and angina pectoris.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nerispirdine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nerispirdine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Neuritis, Optic Nerve, and Multiple Sclerosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Azacitidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrimidine nucleoside analogue that inhibits DNA methyltransferase, impairing DNA methylation. It is also an antimetabolite of cytidine, incorporated primarily into RNA. Azacytidine has been used as an antineoplastic agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of patients with the following French-American-British myelodysplastic syndrome subtypes: refractory anemia or refractory anemia with ringed sideroblasts (if accompanied by neutropenia or thrombocytopenia or requiring transfusions), refractory anemia with excess blasts, refractory anemia with excess blasts in transformation (now classified as acute myelogenous leukemia with multilineage dysplasia), and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Carteolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intraocular hypertension and chronic open-angle glaucoma
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Elamipretide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elamipretide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leber's Hereditary Optic Neuropathy.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Voretigene Neparvovec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[6] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[1] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of rep and cap and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[2] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[7]
4. Indication:  VN-rzyl is indicated for the treatment of children and adult patients with confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutation-associated retinal dystrophy. The administration of VN-rzyl is conditioned to the physician determination of the presence of viable retinal cells.[FDA Label] The RPE65 represents the LCA2 form of the Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA). LCA is a group of inherited conditionts that involves retinal degeneration and severe vision loss in early childhood leading to total blindness by 30-40 years old. The LCA2 form is associated with a mutation that interferes with the isomerohydrolase activity of the retinal pigment epithelium. The isomerohydrolase activity transforms the trans-retinyl esters to 11-cis-retinal which is the natural ligand and chromophore of the opsins of rod and cones photoreceptors. In the presence of RPE65 mutations, the opsins cannot capture light or transduce it into electrical responses to initiate vision.[3]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ethambutol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antitubercular agent that inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus. It may also inhibit the synthesis of spermidine in mycobacteria. The action is usually bactericidal, and the drug can penetrate human cell membranes to exert its lethal effect. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p863)
4. Indication:  For use, as an adjunct, in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Latanoprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprost ophthalmic solution is a topical medication used for controlling the progression of glaucoma or ocular hypertension, by reducing intraocular pressure. It is a prostaglandin analogue that works by increasing the outflow of aqueous fluid from the eyes.It is also known by the brand name of Xalatan manufactured by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Brinzolamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Brinzolamide is a highly specific, non-competitive, reversible carbonic anhydrase inhibitor. Carbonic anhydrase (CA) is an enzyme found in many tissues of the body including the eye. It catalyzes the reversible reaction involving the hydration of carbon dioxide and the dehydration of carbonic acid. In humans, carbonic anhydrase exists as a number of isoenzymes, the most active being carbonic anhydrase II (CA-II). Inhibition of carbonic anhydrase in the ciliary processes of the eye decreases aqueous humor secretion, presumably by slowing the formation of bicarbonate ions with subsequent reduction in sodium and fluid transport. The result is a reduction in intraocular pressure. Brinzolamide is indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Timolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist similar in action to propranolol. The levo-isomer is the more active. Timolol has been proposed as an antihypertensive, antiarrhythmic, antiangina, and antiglaucoma agent. It is also used in the treatment of migraine disorders and tremor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In its oral form it is used to treat high blood pressure and prevent heart attacks, and occasionally to prevent migraine headaches. In its opthalmic form it is used to treat open-angle and occasionally secondary glaucoma.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
