DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Dienogest
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic progestogen which also possesses the properties of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone and has antiandrogenic properties. It is primarily used as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol, or in other combination form pills approved in United States and Europe however it is not available in the US by itself. In Europe, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Japan, dienogest single therapy is an approved treatment for endometriosis to alleviate painful symptoms of endometriosis and reduce endometriotic lesions [1]. Dienogest is commonly marketed as Visanne, Natazia and Qlaira.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as the treatment of endometriosis alone and as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Promestriene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Promestriene has been used in trials studying the prevention of Hypospadias.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Rucaparib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rucaparib is a potent mammalian poly(ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) 1, 2 and 3 inhibitor with anticancer properties. PPAR is an enzyme that plays an essential role in DNA repair by activating response pathways and facilitating repair [2], and defects in these repair mechanisms have been demonstrated in various malignancies, including cancer. Regulation of repair pathways is critical in promoting necessary cell death. BRCA genes are tumor suppressor genes mediate several cellular process including DNA replication, transcription regulation, cell cycle checkpoints, apoptosis, chromatin structuring and homologous recombination (HR). Homologous recombination deficiency (HRD), along with PPAR inhibition, is a vulnerability that enhances the cell death pathway when the single mutations alone would permit viability. Ovarian cancer commonly possesses defects in DNA repair pathways such as HRD due to BRCA mutations or otherwise. There are three main types of ovarian cancer: epithelial (90%), germ cell (5%) and sex cord stromal cell (5%). Epithelial ovarian, being the most common, fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths in women in the United States. Advanced ovarian cancer particularly poses challenges due to reduced therapeutic response rates from standard platinum-based chemotherapy and overall survival rates. Rucaparib has shown to induce cytotoxicity in tumor cell lines with deficiencies in BRCA1/2 and other DNA repair genes [FDA Label]. Of all the BRCA1/2 mutations in ovarian cancer, most are due to germline mutations (18%), and approximately 7% represent somatic mutations acquired within the tumor [4].The indication of rucaparib as an oral monotherapy in patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer was granted accelerated approval in 2016 for selected patients who have previously received greater than two lines of platinum-based therapy. It is currently marketed in the US under the brand name Rubraca that contains rucaparib camsylate as the active ingredient. The identification of patients who are eligible for rucaparib therapy is performed via in vitro diagnostic tests to detect the presence of a deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic). The FDA-approved test qualitatively detects sequence alterations in BRCA1 and BRCA2 (BRCA1/2) genes. More information can be found on the FDA Website [9].While rucaparib is indicated for deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic)-associated advanced ovarian cancer, there is evidence that its antitumor activity is also clinically effective against ovarian tumors with high homologous recombination deficiency (HRD) loss of heterozygosity (LOH) [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated as monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious BRCA mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with two or more chemotherapies. Select patients for therapy based on an FDA-approved companion diagnostic for rucaparib.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mesterolone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mesterolone is a synthetic anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) and derivative of dihydrotestosterone (DHT). It is inactivated by 3α-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase in skeleta muscules so it is considered a weak androgen. It is not a substrate for aromatase so it is not converted into estrogen. Mesterolone demonstrated to have minimal effect on sperm counts and levels of FSH or LH [1, 2]. Experiments of mesterolone serving as a potential treatment of depression are still undergoing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Imatinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imatinib is a small molecule kinase inhibitor used to treat certain types of cancer. It is currently marketed by Novartis as Gleevec (USA) or Glivec (Europe/Australia) as its mesylate salt, imatinib mesilate (INN). It is occasionally referred to as CGP57148B or STI571 (especially in older publications). It is used in treating chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML), gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GISTs) and a number of other malignancies.It is the first member of a new class of agents that act by inhibiting particular tyrosine kinase enzymes, instead of non-specifically inhibiting rapidly dividing cells.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome positive chronic myeloid leukemia (Ph+ CML), Ph+ acute lymphoblastic leukaemia, myelodysplastic/myeloproliferative diseases, aggressive systemic mastocytosis, hypereosinophilic syndrome and/or chronic eosinophilic leukemia (CEL), dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans, and malignant gastrointestinal stromal tumors (GIST).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Stanolone
2. Groups:  Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  A potent androgenic metabolite of testosterone. Dihydrotestosterone (DHT) is generated by a 5-alpha reduction of testosterone. Unlike testosterone, DHT cannot be aromatized to estradiol therefore DHT is considered a pure androgenic steroid.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Letrozole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letrozole (INN, trade name Femara®) is an oral non-steroidal aromatase inhibitor that has been introduced for the adjuvant treatment of hormonally-responsive breast cancerEstrogens are produced by the conversion of androgens through the activity of the aromatase enzyme. Letrozole blocks production of estrogens in this way by competitive, reversible binding to the heme of its cytochrome P450 unit. The action is specific, and letrozole does not reduce production of mineralo- or corticosteroids. In contrast, the antiestrogenic action of tamoxifen, the major medical therapy prior to the arrival of aromatase inhibitors, is due to its interfering with the estrogen receptor, rather than inhibiting estrogen production.Letrozole is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of local or metastatic breast cancer that is hormone receptor positive or has an unknown receptor status in postmenopausal women. Side effects include signs and symptoms of hypoestrogenism. There is concern that long term use may lead to osteoporosis, which is why prescriptions of Letrozole are often accompanied by prescriptions of osteoporosis-fighting medication such as Fosamax.Letrozole has shown to reduce estrogen levels by 98 percent while raising testosterone levels. The anti-estrogen action of letrozole is preferred by athletes and bodybuilders for use during a steroid cycle to reduce bloating due to excess water retention and prevent the formation of gynecomastia related breast tissue that is a side effect of some anabolic steroids. Usage above 2.5 mg/day is known to potentially temporarily kill sex drive. Above 5mg/day for extended periods may cause kidney problems.Letrozole has also been shown to delay the fusing of the growth plates in adolescents. This may boost the effectiveness of growth hormone, and thus Letrozole is used to treat adolescents and children with short stature.
4. Indication:  For the extended adjuvant treatment of early breast cancer in postmenopausal women who have received 5 years of adjuvant tamoxifen therapy. Also for first-line treatment of postmenopausal women with hormone receptor positive or hormone receptor unknown locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Also indicated for the treatment of advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women with disease progression following antiestrogen therapy.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Estriol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A hydroxylated metabolite of estradiol or estrone that has a hydroxyl group at C3-beta, 16-alpha, and 17-beta position. Estriol is a major urinary estrogen. During pregnancy, large amount of estriol is produced by the placenta. Isomers with inversion of the hydroxyl group or groups are called epiestriol. Though estriol is used as part of the primarily North American phenomenon of bioidentical hormone replacement therapy, it is not approved for use by the FDA or Health Canada. It is however available in the United States by prescription filled only by compounding pharmacies. It has also been approved and marketed throughout Europe and Asia for approximately 40 years for the treatment of post-menopausal hot flashes.
4. Indication:  Used as a test to determine the general health of an unborn fetus.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fluasterone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, hyperlipidemia, metabolic disease, cancer/tumors (unspecified), and obesity.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is a synthetic steroid hormone that is similar to medroxyprogesterone acetate and megestrol acetate. It is an ester derivative of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone formed from caproic acid (hexanoic acid). Hydroxyprogesterone caproate was previously marketed under the trade name Delalutin by Squibb, which was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1956 and withdrawn from marketing in 1999. The U.S. FDA approved Makena from KV Pharmaceutical (previously named as Gestiva) on February 4, 2011 for prevention of preterm delivery in women with a history of preterm delivery, sparking a pricing controversy.
4. Indication:  Hydroxyprogesterone caproate is indicated for the prevention of spontaneous preterm births in singleton pregnancies in women who have previously had a spontaneous preterm birth. (1) 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Progesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The major progestational steroid that is secreted primarily by the corpus luteum and the placenta. Progesterone acts on the uterus, the mammary glands, and the brain. It is required in embryo implantation, pregnancy maintenance, and the development of mammary tissue for milk production. Progesterone, converted from pregnenolone, also serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of gonadal steroid hormones and adrenal corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Trilostane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Trilostane is an inhibitor of 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It was withdrawn from the United States market in April 1994. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of Cushing's syndrome. It is normally used in short-term treatment until permanent therapy is possible.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mestranol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-methyl ether of ethinyl estradiol. It must be demethylated to be biologically active. It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Mestranol was used as one of the first oral contraceptives.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Quinestrol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-cyclopentyl ether of ethinyl estradiol.
4. Indication:  Used in hormone replacement therapy, treating symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes. Also used to treat breast and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  2-Methoxyestradiol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  2-Methoxyestradiol (2ME2) is a drug that prevents the formation of new blood vessels that tumors need in order to grow (angiogenesis). It has undergone Phase 1 clinical trials against breast cancers. Preclinical models also suggest that 2ME2 could also be effective against inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of breast cancer and inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Estradiol benzoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol Benzoate is a pro-drug ester of Estradiol, a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol benzoate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [9]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [10].Estradiol benzoate is not currently available in Canada or the US.
4. Indication:  Estradiol benzoate is not currently available in any FDA or Health Canada approved products.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Estradiol dienanthate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol Dienanthate is a pro-drug ester of Estradiol, a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol benzoate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [9]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [10].Estradiol dienanthate is not currently available in any commercially available products in Canada or the US.
4. Indication:  Estradiol dienanthate is not currently available in any FDA or Health Canada approved products.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Methyltestosterone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anabolic steroid used for treating men with testosterone deficiency or similar androgen replacement therapies. Also, has antineoplastic properties and so has been used secondarily in women with advanced breast cancer. Methyltestosterone is a schedule III drug in the US.
4. Indication:  Methyltestosterone is an anabolic steroid hormone used to treat men with a testosterone deficiency. It is also used in women to treat breast cancer, breast pain, swelling due to pregnancy, and with the addition of estrogen it can treat symptoms of menopause.
