DrugId:  1
1. Name:  JNJ-28330835
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A selective androgen receptor modulator with minimal prostate hypertrophic activity, enhances lean body mass in male rats and stimulates sexual behavior in female rats.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CP-866087
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-866,087 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Alcoholism, and Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bremelanotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bremelanotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sexual Arousal Disorder, Female Sexual Arousal Disorder, and Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  NX-1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Flibanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flibanserin is the first drug to be approved for hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in premenopausal women by the FDA in August 2015. It was originally developed as an antidepressant medication by Boehringer Ingelheim, but showed lack of efficacy in trials and was further developed as a hypoactive sexual disorder drug by Sprout Pharmaceuticals. Flibanserin's mechanism of action is attributed to its high affinity for 5-HTA1 and 5-HTA2 receptors, displaying agonist activity on 5-HTA1 and antagonist on 5-HTA2, resulting in lowering of serotonin in the brain as well as an effect on increasing norepinephrine and dopamine neurotransmitters.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypoactive sexual desire disorder (HSDD) in premenopausal women. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  PRO 2000
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PRO 2000 is an investigational medicine that is not yet approved by the FDA for use outside of clinical trials. It is being studied for the prevention of HIV infection and other sexually transmitted diseases. This medicine does not cure HIV infection or AIDS and is being studied to reduce the risk of passing the virus to other people.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in HIV prevention, prevention of stdis, and vaginal infection.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  C31G
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C31G is a potent broad spectrum antimicrobial agent, effective against gram positive and gram negative bacteria, yeast and fungi.C31G, vaginal gel is developed by Biosyn Inc. and has commenced enrollment in a phase III pivotal clinical trial for the reduction of sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception, HIV infection, and prevention of stdis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Vardenafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vardenafil (Levitra) is an oral therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. It is a selective inhibitor of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). Penile erection is a hemodynamic process initiated by the relaxation of smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum and its associated arterioles. During sexual stimulation, nitric oxide is released from nerve endings and endothelial cells in the corpus cavernosum. Nitric oxide activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase resulting in increased synthesis of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) in the smooth muscle cells of the corpus cavernosum. The cGMP in turn triggers smooth muscle relaxation, allowing increased blood flow into the penis, resulting in erection. The tissue concentration of cGMP is regulated by both the rates of synthesis and degradation via phosphodiesterases (PDEs). The most abundant PDE in the human corpus cavernosum is the cGMPspecific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5); therefore, the inhibition of PDE5 enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tadalafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tadalafil is an orally adminstered drug used to treat male erectile dysfunction (impotence). It is marketed worldwide under the brand name Cialis. It is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor. Tadalafil's distinguishing pharmacologic feature is its longer half-life (17.5 hours) compared with Viagra and Levitra (4-5 hours). This longer half-life results in a longer duration of action and is, in part, responsible for the Cialis nickname of the "weekend pill." This longer half-life also is the basis of current investigation for tadalafil's use in pulmonary arterial hypertension as a once-daily therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  LGD2941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LGD2941 is a non-steroidal, selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed jointly by Ligand and TAP.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Hepatitis B Vaccine (Recombinant)
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hepatitis B Vaccine is an ingredient in the EMA-withdrawn product Quintanrix. It is marketed in Canada as Engerix B. It is also a part of Twinrix (Hep A/Hep B vaccine) available also in Canada.The hepatitis B virus induces a severe form of viral hepatitis. Other causative agents are hepatitis A virus, and the non-A, non-B hepatitis viruses. Hepatitis D virus, a defective virus requiring the “keeper function” of the hepatitis B virus, occurs either as a co-infection or super-infection in a HBsAg carrier.Transmission of the virus occurs through percutaneous contact with contaminated blood, serum or plasma. Infection may also occur by the exposure of mucous surfaces, or intact or damaged skin to other body fluids such as saliva, mucosal secretions and semen.There is no specific treatment for hepatitis. The incubation period may be as long as 6 months, followed by a very complex clinical course of an acute or chronic nature, often leading to hospitalization.Viral hepatitis caused by hepatitis B virus is a major worldwide health problem, though the incidence and epidemiology vary widely among geographical areas and population subgroups.In Canada, the United States and Northern Europe, 4% to 6% of the population are infected during their lifetime (mostly young adults); between 5% and 10% of infections lead to persistent viremia (carrier state). Certain population subgroups in these areas, however, are at high risk (see Indications and Clinical Use).In Asia, infection often occurs early in life, leading to a hepatitis B marker prevalence of more than 70% in the general population and a carrier rate of up to 20%.It is estimated that the reservoir of persistent hepatitis B surface antigen carriers amounts to 350 million people worldwide. Carriers are at a high risk of developing chronic liver disease which may lead to cirrhosis or primary hepatocellular carcinoma. A significant reduction in the incidence of hepatocellular carcinoma has been observed in children aged 6 to14 years following a nationwide hepatitis B vaccination in Taiwan. This resulted from a significant decline in the prevalence of hepatitis B antigen, the persistence of which is an essential factor in the development of hepatocellular carcinoma.Vaccination against hepatitis B is expected in the long term to reduce the overall incidence of both hepatitis B and the chronic complications such as chronic active hepatitis and cirrhosis.
4. Indication:  Active immunization against hepatitis B virus infection.The vaccine will not protect against infection caused by hepatitis A and non-A non-B hepatitis viruses. As hepatitis D (caused by the delta agent) does not occur in the absence of hepatitis B infection or carrier state, it can be expected that hepatitis D will also be prevented by vaccination with hepatitis B virus vaccine.The vaccine can be administered at any age from birth onwards. It may be used to start a primary course of vaccination or as a booster dose. It may also be used to complete a primary course of vaccination started with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines or as a booster dose in subjects who have previously received a primary course of vaccination with plasma-derived or yeast-derived vaccines.In areas of low prevalence of hepatitis B, vaccination is strongly recommended in subjects who are at increased risk of infection. These include the following groups:Health professionals: physicians and surgeons; oral surgeons and dentists; nurses, dental nurses, dental hygienists, podiatrists; IV teams and operating room personnel; paramedical personnel in close contact with patients; staff in hemodialysis, nephrology, hepatology, hematology and oncology units; laboratory personnel handling blood and other clinical specimens; blood bank and plasma fractionation workers; pathologists and morgue attendants; cleaning staff who handle waste in hospitals; emergency and first aid workers; ambulance staff; dental, medical and nursing students.Patients: patients receiving frequent blood transfusion or clotting factor concentrates, such as those in oncology units and those with thalassemia, sickle-cell anemia, cirrhosis, hemophilia, etc.; patients on hemodialysis; patients with type 2 diabetes.Personnel and residents of institutions: persons with frequent and/or close contacts with high-risk groups; prisoners and prison staff; residents and staff of institutions for the developmentally challenged (those who are in contact with aggressive biting residents being at highest risk).Persons at increased risk due to their sexual practices: males having sexual contact with other males; others with multiple sexual partners or with a recent history of sexually transmitted disease.Persons who use injectable drugs illicitly.Travellers to areas of high endemicity and their close contacts.Household contacts of any of the above groups and of patients with acute or chronic hepatitis B infection.Infants born of HBsAg-positive mothers.Chronic Liver Disease (CLD): subjects with chronic liver disease; subjects at risk of developing CLD (e.g. Hepatitis C virus carriers, persons who abuse alcohol).Others: police; fire fighters; armed forces personnel; morticians and embalmers; those who through their work or personal lifestyle may be exposed to the hepatitis B virus.In areas of both low and high prevalence, vaccination should be offered to all young children and neonates at risk, as well as to adult high risk groups.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Oxabolone cipionate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Oxabolone cipionate is the C17β cypionate ester and a prodrug of Oxabolone. A synthetic anabolic-androgenic (AAS) steroid, it is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone (nandrolone). It is considered as a performance enhancing drug thus is prohibited from use in sports.
4. Indication:  Used as a performance enhancing drug illicitly in athletes. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens A are composed of a blend of the following nine synthetic estrogenic substances: estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, and sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate. This blend of nine estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Enjuvia (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Turpentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Turpentine (also called spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine and colloquially turps) is a fluid obtained by the distillation of resin obtained from live trees, mainly pines. It is mainly used as a solvent and as a source of materials for organic synthesis. Turpentine is composed of terpenes, mainly the monoterpenes alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with lesser amounts of carene, camphene, dipentene, and terpinolene.
4. Indication:  Turpentine has been used experimentally in a bath for the treatment of disseminated sclerosis and sexual dysfunction. It also has been studied for its antibacterial activity and inhibition of osteoclast activity. Turpentine is utilized in experimental models of inflammation to induce a systemic inflammatory immune response in animals.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Thiothixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioxanthine used as an antipsychotic agent. Its effects are similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Medrogestone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Medrogestone (INN), also known as 6,17α-dimethyl-6-dehydroprogesterone, is a progestational agent derived from 17-methylprogesterone. It was conceived as an alternative for an orally effective option.[1] It was developed by Ayerst, approved in Canada in 1969 and its current status is cancelled post-marketing.[7] It was never approved by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Medrogestone is indicated as adjunct to treat endometial shedding in menopausal women, to treat secondary amenorrhea, to induce menses and to treat dysfunctional uterine bleeding in adult and adolescent women.[2]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Drostanolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Drostanolone (also known as dromostanolone) is a potent synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid similar to testosterone. Drostanolone is indicated in postmenopausal women with recurrent breast cancer, in a combined hormone therapy.
4. Indication:  For use in females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Udenafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Udenafil is a new phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction (ED). It has been approved in South Korea and will be marketed under the brand name Zydena. It is not yet approved for use in the U.S., E.U., or Canada.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in erectile dysfunction and hypertension.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Estrogens, esterified
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Esterified estrogens contain a mixture of estrogenic substances; the principle component is estrone. Preparations contain 75% to 85% sodium estrone sulfate and 6% to 15% sodium equilin sulfate such that the total is not <90%. Esterified estrogens are a man-made mixture of estrogens that are used to treat symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness, vaginal burning or irritation, or other hormonal changes in the vagina. It is being also for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Esterified estrogens are indicated to replace estrogen in women with ovarian failure or other conditions that cause a lack of natural estrogen in the body.It is also indicated for the treatment of symptoms of breast cancer in both men and women. In men it can be used for the treatment of advanced prostate cancer.It is also indicated for the treatment of menopausal symptoms. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Fluoxymesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anabolic steroid that has been used in the treatment of male hypogonadism, delayed puberty in males, and in the treatment of breast neoplasms in women. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In males, used as replacement therapy in conditions associated with symptoms of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. In females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
