DrugId:  1
1. Name:  CP-866087
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-866,087 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Alcoholism, and Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vardenafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vardenafil (Levitra) is an oral therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction. It is a selective inhibitor of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP)-specific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). Penile erection is a hemodynamic process initiated by the relaxation of smooth muscle in the corpus cavernosum and its associated arterioles. During sexual stimulation, nitric oxide is released from nerve endings and endothelial cells in the corpus cavernosum. Nitric oxide activates the enzyme guanylate cyclase resulting in increased synthesis of cyclic guanosine monophosphate (cGMP) in the smooth muscle cells of the corpus cavernosum. The cGMP in turn triggers smooth muscle relaxation, allowing increased blood flow into the penis, resulting in erection. The tissue concentration of cGMP is regulated by both the rates of synthesis and degradation via phosphodiesterases (PDEs). The most abundant PDE in the human corpus cavernosum is the cGMPspecific phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5); therefore, the inhibition of PDE5 enhances erectile function by increasing the amount of cGMP.
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tadalafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tadalafil is an orally adminstered drug used to treat male erectile dysfunction (impotence). It is marketed worldwide under the brand name Cialis. It is a phosphodiesterase 5 (PDE5) inhibitor. Tadalafil's distinguishing pharmacologic feature is its longer half-life (17.5 hours) compared with Viagra and Levitra (4-5 hours). This longer half-life results in a longer duration of action and is, in part, responsible for the Cialis nickname of the "weekend pill." This longer half-life also is the basis of current investigation for tadalafil's use in pulmonary arterial hypertension as a once-daily therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Thiothixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioxanthine used as an antipsychotic agent. Its effects are similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Acepromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Acepromazine is one of the phenothiazine derivative psychotropic drugs, used little in humans, however frequently in animals as a sedative and antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Acepromazine was first used in humans in the 1950s as an antipsychotic agent. It is now rarely used in humans. Acepromazine is frequently used in animals as a sedative and antiemetic. Its principal value is in quietening and calming anxious animals.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Udenafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Udenafil is a new phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction (ED). It has been approved in South Korea and will be marketed under the brand name Zydena. It is not yet approved for use in the U.S., E.U., or Canada.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in erectile dysfunction and hypertension.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Paroxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Paroxetine hydrochloride and paroxetine mesylate belong to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize ⍺- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects). Side effects generally occur during the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Paroxetine hydrochloride and mesylate are considered therapeutic alternatives rather than generic equivalents by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA); both agents contain the same active moiety (i.e. paroxetine), but are formulated as different salt forms. Clinical studies establishing the efficacy of paroxetine in various conditions were performed using paroxetine hydrochloride. Since both agents contain the same active moiety, the clinical efficacy of both agents is thought to be similar. Paroxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Paroxetine has the most evidence supporting its use for anxiety-related disorders of the SSRIs. It has the greatest anticholinergic activity of the agents in this class and compared to other SSRIs, paroxetine may cause greater weight gain, sexual dysfunction, sedation and constipation.
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include: major depressive disorder (MDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder (social phobia), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Unlabeled indications include: eating disorders, impulse control disorders, vasomotor symptoms of menopause, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic individuals. Brisdelle, which consists of paroxetine mesylate is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms (like hot flashes) associated with menopause. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Bremelanotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bremelanotide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sexual Arousal Disorder, Female Sexual Arousal Disorder, and Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sertraline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sertraline hydrochloride belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake [7]. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache (see Toxicity section below for a more detailed listing of side effects). Compared to other agents in this class, sertraline may cause greater diarrheal and male sexual dysfunction effects [5]. Sertraline displays a better safety or tolerability profile than other classes of antidepressants [6]. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants or monoamine oxidase inhibitors [7]. Sertraline has shown therapeutic effectiveness as a treatment for major depressive disorder [1], obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2], panic disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [3], premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) [4] and social anxiety disorder (social phobia).
4. Indication:  For the management of major depressive disorder (MDD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), panic disorder (PD) with or without agoraphobia, premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), and social anxiety disorder (SAD) [FDA Label]. It may be used for premature ejaculation and vascular headaches as off-label indications. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  LGD2941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LGD2941 is a non-steroidal, selective androgen receptor modulator (SARM) developed jointly by Ligand and TAP.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Yohimbine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A plant alkaloid with alpha-2-adrenergic blocking activity. Yohimbine has been used as a mydriatic and in the treatment of impotence. It is also alleged to be an aphrodisiac. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated as a sympatholytic and mydriatic. Impotence has been successfully treated with yohimbine in male patients with vascular or diabetic origins and psychogenic origins.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Escitalopram
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Escitalopram, the S-enantiomer of citalopram, belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Escitalopram may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Unlabeled indications include treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Desvenlafaxine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desvenlafaxine (O-desmethylvenlafaxine) the major active metabolite of venlafaxine, is an antidepressant from the serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI class). Desvenlafaxine may be used to treat major depressive disorder and is being studied for use in the management of vasomotor symptoms in postmenopausal women. It is formulated as an extended release tablet. FDA approved in 2008. 
4. Indication:  Desvenlafaxine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Sildenafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sildenafil is a vasoactive agent used to treat erectile dysfunction and reduce symptoms in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Sildenafil elevates levels of the second messenger, cGMP, by inhibiting its breakdown via phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). PDE5 is found in particularly high concentrations in the corpus cavernosum, erectile tissue of the penis. It is also found in the retina and vascular endothelium. Increased cGMP results in vasodilation which facilitates generation and maintenance of an erection. The vasodilatory effects of sildenafil also help reduce symptoms of PAH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of erectile dysfunction and to relieve symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Citalopram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). In spite of structural differences between compounds in this class, the SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be indicated before a clinical effect is noticed. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake in the neurons. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute usage, SSRIs inhibit serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The general clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction, and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. Off-label indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Turpentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Turpentine (also called spirit of turpentine, oil of turpentine, wood turpentine and colloquially turps) is a fluid obtained by the distillation of resin obtained from live trees, mainly pines. It is mainly used as a solvent and as a source of materials for organic synthesis. Turpentine is composed of terpenes, mainly the monoterpenes alpha-pinene and beta-pinene with lesser amounts of carene, camphene, dipentene, and terpinolene.
4. Indication:  Turpentine has been used experimentally in a bath for the treatment of disseminated sclerosis and sexual dysfunction. It also has been studied for its antibacterial activity and inhibition of osteoclast activity. Turpentine is utilized in experimental models of inflammation to induce a systemic inflammatory immune response in animals.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Avanafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of erectile dysfunction in males. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Medrogestone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Medrogestone (INN), also known as 6,17α-dimethyl-6-dehydroprogesterone, is a progestational agent derived from 17-methylprogesterone. It was conceived as an alternative for an orally effective option.[1] It was developed by Ayerst, approved in Canada in 1969 and its current status is cancelled post-marketing.[7] It was never approved by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Medrogestone is indicated as adjunct to treat endometial shedding in menopausal women, to treat secondary amenorrhea, to induce menses and to treat dysfunctional uterine bleeding in adult and adolescent women.[2]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Secretin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  This drug is the synthetic form of natural secretin. It is prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. Secretin is a peptide hormone produced in the S cells of the duodenum. Its main effect is to regulate the pH of the small intestine’s contents through the control of gastric acid secretion and buffering with bicarbonate. It was the first hormone to be discovered.
4. Indication:  For diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and gastrinoma
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fluoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Fluoxetine hydrochloride is the first agent of the class of antidepressants known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Fluoxetine is a racemic mixture of the R- and S- enantiomers and are of equivalent pharmacologic activity. Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Fluoxetine may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and in combination with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Fluoxetine is the most anorexic and stimulating SSRI.
4. Indication:  Labeled indication include: major depressive disorder (MDD), moderate to severe bulimia nervosa, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), panic disorder with or without agoraphobia, and combination treatment with olanzapine for treatment-resistant or bipolar I depression. Unlabeled indications include: selective mutism, mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), social anxiety disorder, chronic neuropathic pain, fibromyalgia, and Raynaud's phenomenon. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Pipotiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pipotiazine has actions similar to those of other phenothiazines. Among the different phenothiazine derivatives, it appears to be less sedating and to have a weak propensity for causing hypotension or potentiating the effects of CNS depressants and anesthetics. However, it produces a high incidence of extra pyramidal reactions. It is used for the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients. Symptoms of overdose include severe extrapyramidal manifestations, hypotension, lethargy and sedation.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Distigmine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Distigmine is a parasympathomimetic agent with a longer duration of action and enhanced drug accumulation compared to Pyridostigmine and Neostigmine. It is an anticholinergic drug and long-acting reversible carbamate cholinesterase inhibitor that binds directly and competitively to the agonist binding sites of muscurinic receptors. Distigmine is available in several countries as a treatment of underactive detrusor and voiding dysfunction in the urinary tract where the active ingredient is distigmine bromide. It improves detrusor function thereby restoring normal voiding patterns in patients suffering from detrusor underactivity [2].
4. Indication:  Not Available
