DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Evatanepag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evatanepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tibial Fractures.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fenbufen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Rotigotine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rotigotine (Neupro) is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist indicated for the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD) and restless legs syndrome (RLS) in Europe and the United States. It is formulated as a once-daily transdermal patch which provides a slow and constant supply of the drug over the course of 24 hours.Like other dopamine agonists, rotigotine has been shown to possess antidepressant effects and may be useful in the treatment of depression as well.Rotigotine was developed by Aderis Pharmaceuticals. In 1998, Aderis licensed worldwide development and commercialization rights for rotigotine to the German pharmaceutical company Schwarz Pharma (today a subsidiary of the Belgian company UCB S.A.). The drug has been approved by the EMEA for use in Europe in 2006 and is today being sold in several European countries. In 2007, the Neupro patch was approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) as the first transdermal treatment of Parkinson's disease in the United States. However, as of 2008, Schwarz Pharma has recalled all Neupro patches in the United States and some in Europe because of problems with the delivery mechanism. Rotigotine has been authorized as a treatment for RLS since August 2008.
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in neurologic disorders and parkinson's disease as well as moderate-to-severe primary Restless Legs Syndrome.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Romiplostim
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Romiplostim is a thrombopoiesis stimulating dimer Fc-peptide fusion protein (peptibody) to increase platelet production through activation of the thrombopoietin receptor. The peptibody molecule has two identical single-chain subunits, each one is made up of 269 amino acid residues. Each subunit consists of an IgG1 Fc carrier domain that is covalently attached to a polypeptide sequence that contains two binding domains to interact with thrombopoietin receptor c-Mpl. Each domain consists of 14 amino acids. Interestingly, romiplostim's amino acid sequence is not similar to that of endogenous thrombopoietin. Romiplostim is produced by recombinant DNA technology in Escherichia coli. FDA approved on August 22, 2008.
4. Indication:  Treatment of chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ketobemidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ketobemidone is a powerful opioid analgesic. Its effectiveness against pain is in the same range as morphine, and it also has some NMDA-antagonist properties. This makes it useful for some types of pain that don't respond well to other opioids. The most commonly cited equalisation ratio for analgesic doses is 25 mg of ketobemidone hydrobromide to 60 mg of morphine hydrochloride or sulfate and circa 8 mg of ketobemidone by injection.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of severe pain, such as postoperative, cancer, kidney stones and fractures.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bazedoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bazedoxifene is a third generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), developed by Pfizer following the completion of their takeover of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. In late 2013, Pfizer received approval for bazedoxifene as part of the combination drug DUAVEE in the prevention (not treatment) of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is approved in the European Union (marketed in Italy and Spain) and Japan, and is in the late phases of review by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Bazedoxifene is yet to be approved by the FDA. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis and menopause.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Indomethacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Indomethacin is a non-steroidal antiinflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antiinflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Its pharmacological effect is thought to be mediated through inhibition of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX), the enzyme responsible for catalyzes the rate-limiting step in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. 
4. Indication:  For moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis including acute flares of chronic disease, ankylosing spondylitis, osteoarthritis, acute painful shoulder (bursitis and/or tendinitis) and acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Abaloparatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Abaloparatide is an analog of PTHrP (parathyroid hormone-related protein). It was approved in April 28, 2017 by the FDA (as Tymlos) for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. Abaloparatide is a synthetic peptide that is related to hPTHrP and has demonstrated in preclinical testing the potential to widen the anabolic window for bone therapeutics, stimulating bone formation with a limited effect on bone resorption and mineral mobilization. This could enable improved convenience over currently available anabolic therapies, resulting in greater compliance and, ultimately, greater benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce vertebral and/or non-vertebral fractures.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Parathyroid hormone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parathyroid hormone (PTH) is a single-chain polypeptide composed of 84 amino acids. As Preotact, it contains recombinant human parathyroid hormone which is identical to the full-length native 84-amino acid polypeptide. It is produced as a fusion protein. Post-translational processing involves the cleavage of the OmpA leader sequence, leaving the mature protein as a single-chain 84 amino-acids polypeptide (9.4 kDa) whose sequence is identical to that of the full-length native endogenous human PTH. It has no disulfide bonds and no glycosylation sites.Preotact is used in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of osteoporotic fractures. Preotact is marketed in Europe by Nycomed. Preos is a registered trade mark owned by NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The name Preos and the New Drug Application is pending approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Dapagliflozin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for the management of diabetes mellitus type 2, and functions to improve glycemic control in adults when combined with diet and exercise. Dapagliflozin is a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor, which prevents glucose reabsorption in the kidney. Using dapagliflozin leads to heavy glycosuria (glucose excretion in the urine), which can lead to weight loss and tiredness. Dapagliflozin was approved by the FDA on Jan 08, 2014. Dapagliflozin is not recommended for patients with type 1 diabetes mellitus or for the treatment of diabetic ketoacidosis. 
4. Indication:  Dapagliflozin is indicated for adjunct management of glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, in combination with diet and exercise. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sulindac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulindac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) of the arylalkanoic acid class that is marketed in the U.S. by Merck as Clinoril. Like other NSAIAs, it may be used in the treatment of acute or chronic inflammatory conditions. Sulindac is a prodrug, derived from sulfinylindene, that is converted in vivo to an active sulfide compound by liver enzymes. The sulfide metabolite then undergoes enterohepatic circulation; it is excreted in the bile and then reabsorbed from the intestine. This is thought to help maintain constant blood levels with reduced gastrointestinal side effects. Some studies have shown sulindac to be relatively less irritating to the stomach than other NSAIA's except for drugs of the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor class. The exact mechanism of its NSAIA properties is unknown, but it is thought to act on enzymes COX-1 and COX-2, inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis.
4. Indication:  For acute or long-term use in the relief of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, acute painful shoulder (acute subacromial bursitis/supraspinatus tendinitis), and acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Strontium ranelate
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Strontium ranelate, a strontium (II) salt of ranelic acid, is a medication for osteoporosis. Studies indicate it can also slow the course of osteoarthritis of the knee. The drug is unusual in that it both increases deposition of new bone by osteoblasts and reduces the resorption of bone by osteoclasts. It is therefore promoted as a "dual action bone agent" (DABA) indicated for use in treatment of severe osteoporosis.Furthermore, various clinical studies demonstrate the ability of strontium ranelate to improve and strengthen intrinsic bone tissue quality and microarchitecture in osteoporosis by way of a number of cellular and microstructural changes by which anti-fracture efficacy is enhanced.Available for prescription use for a time in some parts of the world as Protelos (strontium ranelate) 2 g granules for oral suspension by Servier, it was ultimately discontinued in 2016-2017 owing to an increased adverse cardiac effects profile along with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and various life threatening allergic reactions.
4. Indication:  Strontium ranelate is therapeutically indicated for the treatement of severe osteoperosis in: a) postmenopasual women, and b) adult men, who are at high risk of fractures, for whom treatment with other medical products approved for the treatment of osteoperosis is not possible due to, for example, contraindications or intolerance. [6]In postmenopausal women, strontium ranelate can also reduce the risk of vertebral and hip fractures [6].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Capsaicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Capsaicin is most often used as a topical analgesic and exists in many formulations of cream, liquid, and patch preparations of various strengths; however, it may also be found in some dietary supplements. Capsaicin is a naturally-occurring botanical irritant in chili peppers, synthetically derived for pharmaceutical formulations. The most recent capsaicin FDA approval was Qutenza, an 8% capsaicin patch dermal-delivery system, indicated for neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia.
4. Indication:  The capsaicin 8% patch is indicated in the treatment of neuropathic pain associated with post-herpetic neuralgia. There are multiple topical capsaicin formulations available, including creams and solutions, indicated for temporary analgesia in muscle and join pain as well as neuropathic pain. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Lasofoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lasofoxifene is a non-steroidal 3rd generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that selectively binds to both ERα and ERβ with high affinity. It is a naphthalene derivative marketed for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and for the treatment of vaginal atrophy. It was initially developed as Oporia by Pfizer as a treatment for postmenopausal osteoporosis and vaginal atrophy, in which were both rejected for approval by FDA. Later Fablyn was developed as a result of a research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand Pharmaceuticals with a newly submitted New Drug Application in 2008. It gained approval by European Commission in March 2009. Ligand Pharmaceuticals signed a license agreement with Sermonix Pharmaceuticals for the development and commercialization of oral lasofoxifene in the USA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce the risk of both vertebral and novertebral fractures, as well as address other postmenopausal conditions, including reduction in risk of breast cancer and treatment of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA)
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Benzydamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzydamine (also known as Tantum Verde and branded in some countries as Difflam), available as the hydrochloride salt, is a locally-acting nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties for pain relief and anti-inflammatory treatment of typically topical inflammatory conditions associated with the mouth, throat, or muscoskeletal locations.Although the indazole analogue benzydamine is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID), it has various physicochemical properties and pharmacologic activities that are different from those of traditional aspirin-like NSAIDs but facilitate benzydamine's mechanism of action as an effective locally-acting NSAID with local anaesthetic and analgesic properties. Moreover, unlike aspirin-like NSAIDs which are acids or metabolised to acids, benzydamine is in fact a weak base.
4. Indication:  Available predominantly as a liquid mouthwash, oromucosal spray, or topical cream, benzydamine is most frequently employed as a locally acting analgesic and anti-inflammatory treatment for the relief of painful inflammatory conditions. When formulated as a mouthwash or spray, benzydamine may be used to treat traumatic conditions like pharyngitis following tonsillectomy or the use of a naso-gastric tube, inflammatory conditions like pharyngitis, aphthous ulcers and oral ulceration due to radiation therapy, dentistry operations and procedures, or more general conditions like sore throat, sore tongue, sore gums, mouth ulcers, or discomfort caused by dentures. [6] When used as a topical cream, benzydamine may be employed to relieve symptoms associated with painful inflammatory conditions of the muscolo-skeletal system including acute inflammatory disorders such as myalgia and bursitis or traumatic conditions like sprains, strains, bruises, sore muscles, stiff joints, or even the after-effects of fractures. [7]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Heparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.
4. Indication:  Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Camphor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially cinnamomum camphora. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
