DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Glycopyrronium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.
4. Indication:  For use as a preoperative antimuscarinic to reduce salivary, tracheobronchial, and pharyngeal secretions, to reduce the volume and free acidity of gastric secretions and to block cardiac vagal inhibitory reflexes during induction of anesthesia and intubation. Also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Berkelium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Berkelium is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02189122 (Comparative Effects of Aspirin and NHP-544C).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CAD106
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CAD106 is an immunotherapeutic product in development for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. It is designed to induce antibodies against the beta-amyloid-protein that inhibit the formation of plaques in the brain of Alzheimer's disease patients. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  INCB7839
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  INCB7839 is a novel, orally available ADAM metalloprotease inhibitor that is designed to block activation of the epidermal growth factor (EGFR) pathways. It represents a potentially important new class of targeted breast cancer therapy. It has shown promising clinical activity in heavily pretreated, refractory breast cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  MLN-977
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN-977 is a small molecule compound that inhibits the production of leukotrienes, especially 5-lipoxygenase. It is developed by PharmaEngine to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Samarium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Samarium has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Pain, Cancer, Metastasis, Prostate Cancer, and Metastatic Osteosarcoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Actinium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Actinium has been investigated for the treatment of Breast Cancer and Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ivabradine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ivabradine is a novel heart rate lowering medicine for the symptomatic management of stable angina pectoralis and symptomatic chronic heart failure. Ivabradine, brand name Corlanor, was approved by the FDA in April 2015 for the treatment of chronic heart failure in patients with an ejection fraction of ≤35%, in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute, who are not on beta-blockers due to contraindications or already receiving maximum beta-blocker dose. Ivabradine acts by selectively inhibiting the "funny" channel pacemaker current (If) in the sinoatrial node in a dose-dependent fashion, resulting in a lower heart rate and thus more blood to flow to the myocardium. Although non-dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers and beta blockers also effectively lower heart rate, they exhibit adverse events due to their negative ionotropic effects. Therefore, as ivabradine is designed as a "pure" heart rate-lowering drug by selectively acting on the If channels, it may offer a more favorable side effect profile due to its lower likelihood of causing serious adverse effects.
4. Indication:  Ivabradine's indication by the FDA is to reduce the risk of hospitalization for worsening heart failure in patients with stable, symptomatic chronic heart failure with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤35%, who are in sinus rhythm with resting heart rate ≥70 beats per minute and either are on maximally tolerated doses of beta-blockers or have a contraindication to beta-blocker use. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Moricizine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmia agent used primarily for ventricular rhythm disturbances. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) and maintain a normal heart rate.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Homatropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium muscarinic acetylcholine receptor antagonist belonging to the group of medicines called anti-muscarinics. Homatropine is used to treat duodenal or stomach ulcers or intestine problems. It can be used together with antacids or other medicine in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It may also be used to prevent nausea, vomiting, and motion sickness.
4. Indication:  Used in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcers, gastric ulcers and duodenal ulcers, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Atractylodes japonica root oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atractylodes japonica root oil is obtained from the roots of Atractylodes japonica, which is a herb native to eastern Asia. It is present in some cosmetic products such as whitening creams as an active ingredient and lubricant for skin irritation. Atractylodes japonica is reported to have anti-inflammatory and antinociceptive effects [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Gadolinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadolinium is under investigation in Hypertension, ACUTE KIDNEY INJURY, and Chronic Kidney Disease. Gadolinium has been investigated for the basic science of CAD, Multiple Sclerosis, and Coronary Artery Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Poloxamer 407
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Poloxamer 407 is a polyoxyethylene polymer and hydrophilic non-ionic surfactant. It is a triblock copolymer consisting of a central hydrophobic block of polypropylene glycol flanked by two hydrophilic blocks of polyethylene glycol. It is used as an emulsifying agent and solubilizing agent in cosmetic and personal products such as contact lens cleaning solutions.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Procainamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of procaine with less CNS action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Doxacurium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxacurium chloride is a long-acting, nondepolarizing skeletal muscle relaxant for intravenous administration.
4. Indication:  Used to provide skeletal muscle relaxation as an adjunct to general anesthesia, for endotracheal intubation or to facilitate mechanical ventilation.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Efonidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efonidipine (INN) is a dihydropyridine calcium channel blocker marketed by Shionogi & Co. of Japan. It was launched in 1995, under the brand name Landel. The drug blocks both T-type and L-type calcium channels [1, 2]. It has also been studied in atherosclerosis and acute renal failure [2]. This drug is also known as NZ-105, and several studies have been done on its pharmacokinetics in animals [13].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Anisotropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For use in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Lidocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A local anesthetic and cardiac depressant used as an antiarrhythmia agent. Its actions are more intense and its effects more prolonged than those of procaine but its duration of action is shorter than that of bupivacaine or prilocaine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For production of local or regional anesthesia by infiltration techniques such as percutaneous injection and intravenous regional anesthesia by peripheral nerve block techniques such as brachial plexus and intercostal and by central neural techniques such as lumbar and caudal epidural blocks.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mivacurium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mivacurium is a bisbenzylisoquinolinium based neuromuscular blocker or muscle relaxant. It binds competitively to cholinergic receptors on the motor end-plate to antagonize the action of acetylcholine, resulting in a block of neuromuscular transmission.
4. Indication:  For inpatients and outpatients, as an adjunct to general anesthesia, to facilitate tracheal intubation and to provide skeletal muscle relaxation during surgery or mechanical ventilation.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CGC-11047
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CGC-11047 is a polyamine analog designed to halt cell growth and induce apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in lymphoma (unspecified), macular degeneration, prostate cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  NOX-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NOX-100 is the new nitric oxide (NO) neutralizing agent being developed by San Diego-based Medinox -- demonstrated its effectiveness and potential as a therapeutic to treat hemorrhagic shock. NOX-100 is the first in a series of proprietary NO neutralizing compounds Medinox is developing to bind and inactivate NO, a simple gas molecule that is a key biological messenger in the body.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sepsis and septicemia.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dihydroquinidine barbiturate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Methylmalonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
