DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ramelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramelteon is the first in a new class of sleep agents that selectively binds to the melatonin receptors in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN). It is used for insomnia, particularly delayed sleep onset. Ramelteon has not been shown to produce dependence and has shown no potential for abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulty with sleep onset.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Agomelatine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Agomelatine is structurally closely related to melatonin. Agomelatine is a potent agonist at melatonin receptors and an antagonist at serotonin-2C (5-HT2C) receptors, tested in an animal model of depression. Agomelatine was discovered and developed by the European pharmaceutical company Servier Laboratories Ltd. Servier continue to develop the drug and conduct phase III trials in the European Union. In 2005 Servier submitted Agomelatine to the European Medicines Agency (EMEA). On 27 July 2006 the Committee for Medical Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMEA recommended a refusal of the marketing authorisation of Valdoxan/Thymanax. The major concern was that efficacy had not been sufficiently shown. In 2006 Servier sold the rights to develop Agomelatine in the US to Novartis.The development for the US market was discontinued in October 2011. It is currently sold in Australia under the Valdoxan trade name.
4. Indication:  Agomelatine is indicated for the treatment of major depressive episodes in adults.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Tasimelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tasimelteon is a selective dual melatonin receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD). Occurring commonly in blind individuals without light perception, this condition is often characterized by periods of night-time insomnia and day-time sleepiness. In blind individuals, a lack of light stimulation causes an extension of the 24-hour circadian cycle and can lead to progressively delayed sleep onset. By activating melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, tasimelteon has been shown to improve sleep by resynchronizing the circadian rhythm through its "non-photic" mechanism. Tasimelteon is currently the only drug available for the treatment of N24HSWD and was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in 2010.
4. Indication:  Tasimelteon is indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD).
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  VSF-173
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VSF-173 is an oral small molecule. It is an oral compound that has demonstrated effects on animal sleep/wake patterns and gene expression patterns suggestive of a stimulant effect. It is developed for the treatment of excessive sleepiness. Study shows that VSF-173 possesses a novel mechanism to address disorders of excessive sleepiness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Somatorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Somatorelin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Aging, Elderly, Sleep Disorders, Hormone Deficiency, and Mild Cognitive Impairment.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Valerian
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Valerian is extracted from a herb that is a perennial flowering plant. Valerian root is reported to have sedative and anxiolytic effects however its mechanism of action is not completely understood. Valerian has been used in the treatment of conditions including sleep disorders, anxiety, attention deficit-hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and joint pain. Valproic Acid is a derivative of valeric acid, which is obtained from the plant root. Valerian is a food ingredient permitted for direct addition to food for human consumption as a natural flavoring substance.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Benzodiazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benzodiazepine is under investigation for the prevention of Delirium and C.Surgical Procedure; Cardiac. Benzodiazepine has been investigated for the treatment of Obesity, Sleep Apnea, Obstructive, and Disorders of Gallbladder, Biliary Tract and Pancrease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Gaboxadol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gaboxadol also known as 4,5,6,7-tetrahydroisoxazolo(5,4-c)pyridin-3-ol (THIP) is an experimental sleep aid drug developed by Lundbeck and Merck. In March, 2007, Merck and H. Lundbeck cancelled work on the drug, citing safety concerns and the failure of an efficacy trial. It acts on the GABA system, but possibly in a different way from benzodiazepines, nonbenzodiazepines and barbiturates - (Valium, Sodium Pentothal, Ambien etc.). Lundbeck states that gaboxadol also increases deep sleep (stage 4). It is, however, not reinforcing like benzodiazepines are. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders and insomnia.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  CX516
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, memory loss, autism, neurologic disorders, dementia, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Aceprometazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aceprometazine (INN) is a prescription drug with neuroleptic and anti-histamine properties. It is not widely prescribed. It may be used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders. This combination is available in France under the trade name Mepronizine. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Aceprometazine is often used in combination with meprobamate for the treatment of sleep disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Armodafinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Armodafinil is the enantiopure of the wakefulness-promoting agent modafinil (Provigil), and is indicated to improve wakefulness in adult patients with excessive sleepiness associated with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA), narcolepsy, or shift work disorder (SWD). Research has shown that armodafinil significantly improves driving simulator performance in patients with SWD. Armodafinil consists of the (−)-R-enantiomer of the racemic modafinil. Armodafinil is produced by the pharmaceutical company Cephalon Inc. (a wholly owned subsidiary of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.) and was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in June 2007.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, obstructive sleep apnea, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, depression, and bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pruvanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pruvanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Esmirtazapine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Esmirtazapine (SCH 900265) is a drug which was under development by Organon for the treatment of insomnia and vasomotor symptoms (e.g., hot flashes) associated with menopause. Esmirtazapine is the (S)-(+)-enantiomer of mirtazapine and possesses similar overall pharmacology, including inverse agonist actions at H1 and 5-HT2 receptors and antagonist actions at α2-adrenergic receptors. Merck has terminated its internal clinical development program for esmirtazapine as of March 2010.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Vofopitant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vofopitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of PTSD, Primary Insomnia, and Sleep Initiation and Maintenance Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Adipiplon
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adipiplon (NG2-73) is an anxiolytic drug developed by Neurogen Corporation. It has similar effects to benzodiazepine drugs, but is structurally distinct and so is classed as a nonbenzodiazepine anxiolytic.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in insomnia and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Almorexant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders and insomnia.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Clotiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Clotiazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative, not approved for sale in the U.S. or Canada, but has been approved in the U.K. It is a schedule IV drug in Canada.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pimavanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis, and is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication. It is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Propiomazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propiomazine, an atypical antipsychotic agent, is used to treat both negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia, acute mania with bipolar disorder, agitation, and psychotic symptoms in dementia. Future uses may include the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder and severe behavioral disorders in autism. Structurally and pharmacologically similar to clozapine, propiomazine binds to alpha(1), dopamine, histamine H1, muscarinic, and serotonin type 2 (5-HT2) receptors.
4. Indication:  Propiomazine is largely used for its antihistamininc sleep inducing effects in treating insomnia.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dofetilide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dofetilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the maintenance of sinus rhythm in individuals prone to the formation of atrial fibrillation and flutter, and for the chemical cardioversion to sinus rhythm from atrial fibrillation and flutter.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm (delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter [AF/AFl]) in patients with atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter of greater than one week duration who have been converted to normal sinus rhythm
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Modafinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Modafinil is a stimulant drug marketed as a 'wakefulness promoting agent' and is one of the stimulants used in the treatment of narcolepsy. Narcolepsy is caused by dysfunction of a family of wakefulness-promoting and sleep-suppressing peptides, the orexins, whose neurons are activated by modafinil. The prexin neuron activation is associated with psychoactivation and euphoria. The exact mechanism of action is unclear, although in vitro studies have shown it to inhibit the reuptake of dopamine by binding to the dopamine reuptake pump, and lead to an increase in extracellular dopamine. Modafinil activates glutamatergic circuits while inhibiting GABA.
4. Indication:  To improve wakefulness in patients with excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy.
