DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegamotecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pegamotecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer of Stomach, Sarcoma, Soft Tissue, and Gastroesophageal Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Elafin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elafin is a human protein that is produced naturally in the skin, lung and breast, protecting the respective tissue from destruction by the immune system. Elafin’s ability to block the activity of destructive enzymes that are involved in inflammatory reactions makes it a highly promising active compound for the treatment of inflammatory lung diseases or severe reperfusion injuries occurring after heart attacks, serious injuries and organ transplantation. The excellent tolerability of Elafin in human subjects was demonstrated in a Phase I clinical single dose escalating study.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ATX-101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATX-101 (medical), sodium deoxycholate for subcutaneous injection, is being evaluated as a treatment for the reduction of localized fat deposits. This includes treatment of superficial lipomas (benign tumors of soft tissue composed of mature fat cells), fat deposits in the submental region of the face/neck, and localized fat deposits in other parts of the body. Deoxycholic acid is a naturally occurring bile acid produced by the liver as one of several end products of cholesterol metabolism. As a naturally occurring component of the human body, deoxycholate is considered a ‘biocompatible’ detergent that solubilizes fat in the small intestine. ATX-101 demonstrates a relative selectivity for fat over other tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Autologous cultured chondrocytes
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Autologous cultured chrondrocytes are used as autologous cell therapy to repair articular cartilage injuries in the knee (femoral condyle) due to acute or repetitive trauma. It serves as an alternative repair treatment for patients with inadequate response to pre-existing surgical methods. The surgical implantation shows a tolerable safety profile and efficacy up to 4 years, but it is not indicated for patients with osteoarthritis. It has been used since 1995 as Carticel and gained biologic license in 1997. The surgical implantation was first performed in Sweden.
4. Indication:  Cellular repair strategy for patients with symptomatic cartilage defects of the femoral condyle (medial, lateral or trochlea) caused by trauma or patients who were previously unresponsive to available surgical procedures. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Olaratumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Olaratumab (IMC-3G3) is a fully human IgG1 monoclonal antibody with antitumor activity that selectively binds the external domain of human platelet-derived growth factor receptor (PDGFR)-α with high affinity and blocks ligand binding. It is composed of two heavy chain molecule fragments and 2 light chain fragments. Studies show that the treatment of olaratumab in combination with doxorubicin resulted in significant reduction of cancer cell proliferation and tumor growth. Olaratumab was granted accelerated approval (as Lartruvo) as initial therapy to treat adults with certain types of soft tissue sarcoma (STS) in October, 2016.
4. Indication:  Olaratumab is indicated, in combination with doxorubicin, for the treatment of adult patients with advanced or mestastatic soft tissue sarcoma (STS) with a histologic subtype for which an anthracycline-containing regimen is appropriate and which is not amenable to curative treatment with radiotherapy or surgery.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Trabectedin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trabectedin, also referred as ET-743 during its development, is a marine derived antitumoral agent discovered in the Carribean tunicate Ecteinascidia turbinata and now produced synthetically. Trabectedin has a unique mechanism of action. It binds to the minor groove of DNA interfering with cell division and genetic transcription processes and DNA repair machinery.It is approved for use in Europe, Russia and South Korea for the treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcoma. It is also undergoing clinical trials for the treatment of breast, prostate, and paediatric sarcomas. The European Commission and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) have granted orphan drug status to trabectedin for soft tissue sarcomas and ovarian cancer. On October 23, 2015, the FDA approved trabectedin, (as Yondelis), for the treatment of specific soft tissue sarcomas.
4. Indication:  Indicated for treatment of advanced soft tissue sarcoma in patients refractory to or unsuitable to receive anthracycline or ifosfamide chemotherapy in Europe, Russia and South Korea. Approved for orphan drug status by the U.S. FDA for treatment of soft tissue sarcomas and ovarian cancer. Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), gastric cancer, ovarian cancer, pediatric indications, sarcoma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Gadoteridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.
4. Indication:  Gadoteridol is an MRI contrast agent used for contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium pentachlorohydrate is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  GPX-150
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GPX-150 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Soft Tissue Sarcoma and Advanced Solid Tumors - Phase 1 Population.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Etiprednol dicloacetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Etiprednol dicloacetate (BNP-166) is a soft corticosteroid with anti-inflammatory properties that has been indicated in the treatment of asthma and Chron's disease. Anti-asthmatic effects were associated with decreased cytokine production in lipopolysaccharide-stimulated lymphocytes and attenuated lectin-induced proliferation of blood mononuclear cells in tissue culture.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and crohn's disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Clodronic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A diphosphonate which affects calcium metabolism. It inhibits bone resorption and soft tissue calcification.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypercalcemia of malignancy and as an adjunct in the management of osteolysis resulting from bone metastases of malignant tumors.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Trofosfamide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Trofosfamide has been used in trials studying the treatment of Ependymomas, Medulloblastomas, Sarcoma, Soft Tissue, Supratentorial PNETs, and Recurrent Brain Tumors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Clonixin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clonixin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It also has analgesic, antipyretic, and platelet-inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Used primarily in the treatment of chronic arthritic conditions and certain soft tissue disorders associated with pain and inflammation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Cefprozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic. It can be used to treat bronchitis, ear infections, skin infections, and other bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cefonicid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A second-generation cephalosporin administered intravenously or intramuscularly. Its bactericidal action results from inhibition of cell wall synthesis. It is used for urinary tract infections, lower respiratory tract infections, and soft tissue and bone infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacterial infections caused by susceptible microorganisms.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bacampicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bacampicillin is a prodrug of ampicillin and is microbiologically inactive. It is absorbed following oral administration. During absorption from the gastrointestinal tract, bacampicillin is hydrolyzed by esterases present in the intestinal wall. It is microbiologically active as ampicillin, and exerts a bactericidal action through the inhibition of the biosynthesis of cell wall mucopeptides. It is used to cure infection of upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis etc.
4. Indication:  For infections at the following sites: upper and lower respiratory tract; skin and soft tissue; urinary tract and acute uncomplicated gonococcal urethritis, when due to sensitive strains of the following organisms: Gram-positive: streptococci (including S. faecalis and S. pneumoniae) and nonpenicillinase-producing staphylococci; Gram-negative: H. influenzae, N. gonorrhoeae, E. coli, P. mirabilis, Salmonellae and Shigellae.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Omadacycline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omadacycline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bacterial Pneumonia, Bacterial Infections, Community-Acquired Infections, and Skin Structures and Soft Tissue Infections. Omadacycline represents a significant advance over the well-known tetracycline family, and has been shown to be highly effective in animal models at treating increasingly problematic, clinically prevalent infections caused by gram-positive bacteria, such as methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), and by gram-negative, atypical and anaerobic bacteria, including those resistant to currently available classes of antibiotics and known to cause diseases such as pneumonias, urinary tract infections, skin diseases and blood-borne infections in both the hospital and community settings.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Phenprocoumon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Coumarin derivative that acts as a long acting oral anticoagulant. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the prevention and treatment of thromboembolic disease including venous thrombosis, thromboembolism, and pulmonary embolism as well as for the prevention of ischemic stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nonacog beta pegol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nonacog beta pegol is a recombinant coagulation factor IX derivative. It is produced without animal-derived materials and with an attached 40kDa polyethylene glycol (PEG) molecule for peptide activation by a site-directed glycoPEGylation. Once activated, the activation molecule with PEG are cleaved to leave the activated factor IX (Factor IXa).[1] Nonacog beta pegol was developed by Novo Nordisk, obtained EMA marketing authorisation in June 6, 2017.[9]
4. Indication:  Nonacog beta pegol is indicated for the use in adults and children with hemophilia B for control and prevention of bleeding episodes, routine prophylaxis and perioperative management.[10] In the EMA approval, it is also indicated for on-demand treatment of bleeding episodes.[9] Hemophilia B is characterized by a deficiency in the coagulation factor IX which results in prolonged oozing after injuries and delayed or recurring bleeding prior wound healing. Hemophilia B patients present more frequent bleeding episodes during childhood and adolescence than in adulthood.[7]
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tasonermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tasonermin is recombinant soluble form tumor necrosis factor α produced via Escherichia coli cell culture. It was approved for use by the European Medicines Agency in April of 1999 for use as an adjunt to surgery for the subsequent removal of the tumor and in palliative care for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs as the product Beromun. It is administered with Melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
4. Indication:  For use in adults as an adjunct to surgery for subsequent removal of the tumour so as to prevent or delay amputation, or in palliative care, for irresectable soft tissue sarcoma of the limbs [FDA Label]. Used in combination with melphalan via mild hyperthermic isolated limb perfusion.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Podophyllin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Podophyllin is a resin extracted from the root of the plant Podophyllum sp. Berberidaceae (mandrake), which contains numerous compounds, among which podophyllotoxin. Podophyllin is the principal active component. Podophyllin arrests mitosis in metaphase.
4. Indication:  25% podophyllin (in benzoin tincture) is indicated for the removal of soft genital (venereal) warts (condylomata acuminata).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
