DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ceruletide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Caerulein is a specific decapeptide similar in action and composition to the natural gastrointestinal peptide hormone cholecystokinin. It stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle.
4. Indication:  Caerulein stimulates gastric, biliary, and pancreatic secretion; and certain smooth muscle. As such, it is used in paralytic ileus and as diagnostic aid in pancreatic malfunction.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  AZD 3355
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AZD 3355 is a reflux inhibitor used for the treatment of Gastroesophageal Reflux Disease. It is developed by AstraZeneca and is currently in phase I/II trials.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD).
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Pinaverium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pinaverium is a spasmolytic agent used for functional gastrointestinal disorders. It is a quaternary ammonium compound that acts as an atypical calcium antagonist to restore normal bowel function. It is shown to relieve GI spasm and pain, transit disturbances and other symptoms related to motility disorders [1] and may be considered as effective first-lline therapy for patients with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) [5]. Pinaverium bromide is the common ingredient in formulations, mostly as oral tablets. Although it is not a currently approved drug by the FDA, pinaverium is available in over 60 countries including Canada.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and relief of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) associated with abdominal pain, bowel disturbances and intestinal discomfort, as well as the treatment of symptoms related to functional disorders of the biliary tract. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  ADX10059
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10059 is a metabotropic glutamate receptor 5 (mGluR5) negative allosteric modulator (NAM). The orally available small molecule drug candidate, which is highly specific for mGluR5, was discovered at Addex in 2003. It is developed for the treatment of GERD, migraine and anxiety.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), and migraine and cluster headaches.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cisapride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In many countries (including Canada) cisapride has been either withdrawn or has had its indications limited due to reports about long QT syndrome due to cisapride, which predisposes to arrhythmias. The FDA issued a warning letter regarding this risk to health care professionals and patients.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic treatment of adult patients with nocturnal heartburn due to gastroesophageal reflux disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Itopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Itopride is a dopamine D2 antagonist with acetylcholinesterase inhibitory actions.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Ticalopride
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) and gastroparesis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Glucarpidase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Glucarpidase is the recombinant form of the Pseudomonas sp. (strain RS-16) enzyme carboxypeptidase G2 that is produced in Escherichia coli. In patients, glucarpidase inactivates methotrexate, and other antifolates, by hydrolyzing glutamate on the carboxyl terminal of these compounds. Therefore since methotrexate is eliminated enzymatically and not by the kidneys, glucarpidase is indicated in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (>1 micromole per liter). Glucarpidase is marketed under the brand name Voraxaze®.
4. Indication:  Used in patients on methotrexate treatment who have kidney dysfunction, and are experiencing an abnormally high plasma concentration of methotrexate (> 1 micromole per liter).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Demecarium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Demecarium is an indirect-acting parasympathomimetic agent that is used to treat glaucoma. It is a cholinesterase inhibitor or an anticholinesterase. Cholinesterase inhibitors prolong the effect of acetylcholine, which is released at the neuroeffector junction of parasympathetic postganglion nerves, by inactivating the cholinesterases that break it down. Demecarium inactivates both pseudocholinesterase and acetylcholinesterase. In the eye, this causes constriction of the iris sphincter muscle (causing miosis) and the ciliary muscle. The outflow of the aqueous humor is facilitated, which leads to a reduction in intraocular pressure.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of chronic open-angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  LY-2452473
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ly2452473 is under investigation for the supportive care of Prostate Cancer. Ly2452473 has been investigated for the treatment of Erectile Dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Secretin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  This drug is the synthetic form of natural secretin. It is prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. Secretin is a peptide hormone produced in the S cells of the duodenum. Its main effect is to regulate the pH of the small intestine’s contents through the control of gastric acid secretion and buffering with bicarbonate. It was the first hormone to be discovered.
4. Indication:  For diagnosis of pancreatic exocrine dysfunction and gastrinoma
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  CP-866087
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CP-866,087 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Obesity, Alcoholism, and Sexual Dysfunction, Physiological.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Mitoquinone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mitoquinone is based on a novel technology, targeted lipophilic cations, that transport and concentrate antioxidants into the mitochondria -- organelles inside cells that provide energy for life processes -- where they accumulate up to a thousand fold. In 2004, a genomic study of hereditary early-onset Parkinson's disease demonstrated a direct molecular link between mitochondrial dysfunction and the pathogenesis of Parkinson's disease. Mitochondrial dysfunction also has been shown to represent an early critical event in the pathogenesis of the sporadic form of Parkinson's disease. Clinical studies by the Parkinson's Study Group show that very high doses of an antioxidant called Coenzyme Q (which Mitoquinone effectively targets into mitochondria) appear to slow the progression of Parkinson's disease symptoms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Amyl Nitrite
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amyl Nitrite is an antihypertensive medicine. Amyl nitrite is employed medically to treat heart diseases such as angina and to treat cyanide poisoning. Like other alkyl nitrites, amyl nitrite is bioactive in mammals, being a vasodilator which is the basis of its use as a prescription medicine. As an inhalant, it also has psychoactive effect which has led to illegal drug use.
4. Indication:  For the rapid relief of angina pectoris.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mirodenafil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirodenafil has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Kidney Diseases, Urologic Diseases, Renal Insufficiency, Erectile Dysfunction, and Male Erectile Dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Udenafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Udenafil is a new phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor used to treat erectile dysfunction (ED). It has been approved in South Korea and will be marketed under the brand name Zydena. It is not yet approved for use in the U.S., E.U., or Canada.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in erectile dysfunction and hypertension.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  GPI-1485
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GPI 1485 is a product candidate that belongs to a class of small molecule compounds called neuroimmunophilin ligands.In preclinical experiments, neuroimmunophilin ligands have been shown to repair and regenerate damaged nerves without affecting normal, healthy nerves.GPI 1485 is being studied in phase 2 clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease and post-prostatectomy erectile dysfunction and in pre-clinical development for HIV related dementia and neuropathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in erectile dysfunction and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Derenofylline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Derenofylline has been used in trials studying the treatment of Congestive Heart Failure and Acute Decompensated Heart Failure; Renal Dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Laronidase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human recombinant alpha-L-iduronidase, 628 residues (mature form), produced by recombinant DNAtechnology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. Laronidase is a glycoprotein with a molecular weight of approximately 83 kD. The predicted amino acid sequence of the recombinant form, as well as the nucleotide sequence that encodes it, are identical to a polymorphic form of human a-L-iduronidase. It contains 6 N-linked oligosaccharide modification sites.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  ReN001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ReN001 is a clonal human neural stem cell line developed for clinical use in the treatment of stable disability after stroke. ReN001 a strong candidate for one of the first cell-based IND applications to be submitted to the Food and Drug Administration in the United States for consideration for the treatment of stroke in humans.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of stroke.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Domperidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A specific blocker of dopamine receptors. It speeds gastrointestinal peristalsis, causes prolactin release, and is used as antiemetic and tool in the study of dopaminergic mechanisms. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For management of dyspepsia, heartburn, epigastric pain, nausea, and vomiting.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Suprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An ibuprofen-type anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic. It inhibits prostaglandin synthesis and has been proposed as an anti-arthritic. It is no longer approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as eye drops to inhibit the miosis (pupil constriction) that may occur during ocular surgery.
