DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Dezocine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dezocine is a partial opiate drug and is used for pain management. Dezocine is a very effective alternative to fentanyl when administered during outpatient laparoscopy, although is associated with an increased incidence of postoperative nausea. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of moderate to severe pain.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Cholesterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  The principal sterol of all higher animals, distributed in body tissues, especially the brain and spinal cord, and in animal fats and oils. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Phenacetin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Phenacetin was withdrawn from the Canadian market in June 1973 due to concerns regarding nephropathy (damage to or disease of the kidney).
4. Indication:  Used principally as an analgesic.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  N-omega-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  L-NAME has been investigated for the treatment of Hypotension and Spinal Cord Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ziconotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziconotide (SNX-111; Prialt) is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain. Derived from Conus magus (Cone Snail), it is the synthetic form of an ω-conotoxin peptide. In December 2004 the Food and Drug Administration approved ziconotide when delivered as an infusion into the cerebrospinal fluid using an intrathecal pump system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tirilazad
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirilazad has been used in trials studying the treatment of Spinal Cord Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  NCX 701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nitroparacetamol (NCX-701) is a newly synthesized nitric oxide-releasing derivative of paracetamol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Epicept NP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EpiCept NP-1 is a prescription topical analgesic cream designed to provide effective, long-term relief from the pain of peripheral neuropathies. Peripheral neuropathies are medical conditions caused by damage to the nerves in the peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system includes nerves that run from the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body. EpiCept NP-1 Cream is a patented formulation containing two FDA-approved drugs, amitriptyline (a widely-used antidepressant) and ketamine (an NMDA antagonist that is used as an anesthetic).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Nusinersen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antisense oligonucleotide that induces survival motor neuron (SMN) protein expression, it was approved by the U.S. FDA in December, 2016 as Spinraza for the treatment of children and adults with spinal muscular atrophy (SMA). It is adminstrated as direct intrathecal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) in pediatric and adult patients. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Nitrous oxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", is a chemical compound with the chemical formula N2O. At room temperature, it is a colorless non-flammable gas, with a pleasant, slightly sweet odor and taste. It is used in surgery and dentistry for its anesthetic and analgesic effects. It is known as "laughing gas" due to the euphoric effects of inhaling it, a property that has led to its recreational use as an inhalant drug [Wikipedia].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Cyclobenzaprine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclobenzaprine is a skeletal muscle relaxant and a central nervous system (CNS) depressant. Cyclobenzaprine acts on the locus coeruleus where it results in increased norepinephrine release, potentially through the gamma fibers which innervate and inhibit the alpha motor neurons in the ventral horn of the spinal cord. It is structurally similar to Amitriptyline, differing by only one double bond.
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct to rest and physical therapy for relief of muscle spasm associated with acute, painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Arbaclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arbaclofen, or STX209, is the R-enantiomer of baclofen. It is believed to be a selective gamma-amino butyric acid type B receptor agonist, and has been investigated as a treatment for autism spectrum disorder and fragile X syndrome in randomized, double blind, placebo controlled trials. It has also been investigated as a treatment for spasticity due to multiple sclerosis and spinal cord injury. Arbaclofen was investigated as a treatment for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD); however, with disappointing results.
4. Indication:  Investigated in clinical trials as a potential treatment for spasticity in multiple sclerosis, autism spectrum disorder, and social withdrawal in fragile X syndrome.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Baclofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Baclofen is a gamma-amino-butyric acid (GABA) derivative used as a skeletal muscle relaxant. Baclofen stimulates GABA-B receptors leading to decreased frequency and amplitude of muscle spasms. It is especially useful in treating muscle spasticity associated with spinal cord injury. It appears to act primarily at the spinal cord level by inhibiting spinal polysynaptic afferent pathways and, to a lesser extent, monosynaptic afferent pathways. 
4. Indication:  For the alleviation of signs and symptoms of spasticity resulting from multiple sclerosis, particularly for the relief of flexor spasms and concomitant pain, clonus, and muscular rigidity.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dapoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ethylmorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic and antitussive. It is metabolized in the liver by ethylmorphine-N-demethylase and used as an indicator of liver function. It is not marketed in the US but is approved for use in various countries around the world. In the US it is a schedule II drug (single-entity) and schedule III drug (in combination products).
4. Indication:  Ethylmorphine is an analgesic used for pain relief.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells consist of hematopoietic progenitor cells, monocytes, lymphocytes, and granulocytes from human cord blood. They are used during allogeneic unrelated and related hematopoietic stem cell transplantation procedures in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment. Human umbilical cord is a rich source of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells that are capable of proliferation in vitro. Active and viable hematopoietic progenitor cells, or hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) express the cell surface marker CD34 which is critical for cell identification [1]. Upon division and maturation at the bone marrow following intravenous administration to the patient, hematopoietic progenitor cells enter the systemic circulation to restore blood counts and function [FDA Label].After the first cord blood transplant in 1988 in a patient with Fanconi anemia [3], the use of umbilical cord blood transplantation was increased in clinical settings. Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells can be collected from both related or unrelated donors. The unrelated donor transplant setting has several advantages over related donor transplant and bone marrow transplantation; it allows shorter time to transplant and tolerance of 1–2 human leukocyte antigen mismatch due to expanded donor pool, which increases the chance of finding a suitable donor, particularly in patients requiring urgent transplantation [2]. Other advantages of HSC transplantation include a lower risk of transmitting infections by latent viruses and improved targeting of ethnic minorities increased pool of rare haplotypes [2]. Umbilical cord blood cell transplantation was also associated with reduced incidence and severity of graft versus host disease (GVHD) thus improved survival rates of transplant patients compared to allogeneic bone marrow transplant setting, which may be due to "naive" nature of lymphocytes [4]. Hemacord is marketed in the U.S. as an allogeneic cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell therapy for intravenous use.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in unrelated donor hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation procedures in conjunction with an appropriate preparative regimen for hematopoietic and immunologic reconstitution in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Levorphanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic that may be habit-forming. It is nearly as effective orally as by injection.
4. Indication:  For the management of moderate to severe pain or as a preoperative medication where an opioid analgesic is appropriate.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Pregabalin
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Pregabalin is an anticonvulsant drug used for neuropathic pain, epilepsy and generalized anxiety disorder.[4] It presents antihyperalgesic actions by binding to the α2δ subunit of the voltage-dependent calcium channels without presenting antinociceptive actions.[5] Pregabalin is marketed by Pfizer under the trade name Lyrica and Lyrica Cr (extended release).[13] It is considered to have a dependence liability if misused, and is classified as a Schedule V drug in the U.S.[4]
4. Indication:  Pregabalin is used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy or spinal cord injury, and postherpetic neuralgia. It is not approved for the management of fibromyalgia or as adjuntive therapy for adult partial onset seizures.[FDA Label] 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  BCG vaccine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BCG vaccine has been investigated for the treatment of Neoplasms, Bladder Cancer, Neoplasms by Site, Urologic Diseases, and Urologic Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Butorphanol
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic morphinan analgesic with narcotic antagonist action. It is used in the management of severe pain. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of moderate to severe pain.
