DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil (FAU) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Small Intestine Lymphoma, Stage IV Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Waldenström Macroglobulinemia, Splenic Marginal Zone Lymphoma, and Recurrent Mantle Cell Lymphoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Varespladib methyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Varespladib methyl has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that Varespladib methyl treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Choriogonadotropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Recombinant human chorionic gonadotropin with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 145 residues, each with N-and O-linked carbohydrate moieties linked to ASN-52 and ASN-78 (on alpha subunit) and ASN-13, ASN-30, SER-121, SER-127, SER-132 and SER-138 (on beta subunit). The primary structure of the alpha-chain of r-hCG is identical to that of the alpha-chain of hCG, FSH and LH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Protein S human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein S human is a vitamin K-dependent plasma glycoprotein which has antcoagulant properties [1]. It serves as a negative feedback mechanism in the coagulation cascade.
4. Indication:  For use in the emergency reversal of coagulation factor deficiency in patients recieving vitamin K antagonist therapy [FDA Label]. Protein S is administered as part of a cocktail containing several other coagulation factors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Artesunate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Artesunate is part of the artemisinin group of drugs that treat malaria. It is a semi-synthetic derivative of artemisinin that is water-soluble and may therefore be given by injection. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. It has been made available in the US under the investigational new drug protocol [2]. Artesunate is provided by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on an emergency basis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum in adults and children [3]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Clofazimine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fat-soluble riminophenazine dye used for the treatment of leprosy. It has been used investigationally in combination with other antimycobacterial drugs to treat Mycobacterium avium infections in AIDS patients. Clofazimine also has a marked anti-inflammatory effect and is given to control the leprosy reaction, erythema nodosum leprosum. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p1619)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lepromatous leprosy, including dapsone-resistant lepromatous leprosy and lepromatous leprosy complicated by erythema nodosum leprosum.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Amifostine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A phosphorothioate proposed as a radiation-protective agent. It causes splenic vasodilation and may block autonomic ganglia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For reduction in the cumulative renal toxicity in patients with ovarian cancer (using cisplatin) and moderate to severe xerostomia in patients undergoing post-operative radiation treatment for head and neck cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lutropin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lutropin alfa is a recombinant human luteinizing hormone produced in yeast with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues. It is a heterodimeric glycoprotein. Each monomeric unit is a glycoprotein molecule. In females, an acute rise of LH ("LH surge") triggers ovulation and the development of the corpus luteum. In males, it stimulates Leydig cell production of testosterone. Lutropin alfa was the first and only recombinant human form of luteinizing hormone (LH) developed for use in the stimulation of follicular development.
4. Indication:  For treatment of infertility in women with hypothalamic or pituitary insufficiency (hypogonadotropic hypogonadism) and profound LH deficiency (LH <1.2 international units [IU]/L)
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Valrubicin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Valrubicin (N-trifluoroacetyladriamycin-14-valerate, Valstar®) is a chemotherapy drug used to treat bladder cancer. Valrubicin is a semisynthetic analog of the anthracycline doxorubicin, and is administered by infusion directly into the bladder. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer of the bladder.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Carboprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonsteroidal abortifacient agent that is effective in both the first and second trimesters of pregnancy. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For aborting pregnancy between the 13th and 20th weeks of gestation as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period and in the following conditions related to second trimester abortion: 1. Failure of expulsion of the fetus during the course of treatment by another method; 2. Premature rupture of membranes in intrauterine methods with loss of drug and insufficient or absent uterine activity; 3. Requirement of a repeat intrauterine instillation of drug for expulsion of the fetus; 4. Inadvertent or spontaneous rupture of membranes in the presence of a previable fetus and absence of adequate activity for expulsion. Also for the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage due to uterine atony which has not responded to conventional methods of management.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Misoprostol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic analog of natural prostaglandin E1. It produces a dose-related inhibition of gastric acid and pepsin secretion, and enhances mucosal resistance to injury. It is an effective anti-ulcer agent and also has oxytocic properties.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of ulceration (duodenal, gastric and NSAID induced) and prophylaxis for NSAID induced ulceration.Misoprostol is also indicated for other uses that are not approved in Canada, including the medical termination of an intrauterine pregnancy used alone or in combination with methotrexate,as well as the induction of labour in a selected population of pregnant women with unfavourable cervices. This indication is avoided in women with prior uterine surgery or cesarean surgery due to an increased risk of possible uterine rupture. Misoprostol is also used for the prevention or treatment of serious postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Rho(D) immune globulin is a medicine given by intramuscular or intravenous injection that is used to prevent the immunological condition known as Rh disease (or hemolytic disease of newborn). Rho (D) immune globulin is available as a sterile, lyophilized or liquid gamma globulin (IgG) fraction containing antibodies to the Rh0 (D) antigen (D antigen) under the name Rhophylac (IM/IV). Immune globullin was purified via ion-exchange chromatography method and prepared from pools of human plasma, where the donors are Rho (D)-negative donors who have been immunized with Rho(D)-positive RBCs. It was approved by FDA as treatment for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization or chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) in adults.
4. Indication:  Indicated for suppression of rhesus (Rh) isoimmunization in nonsensitized Rho (D)-negative women with an Rh-incompatible pregnancy, or in Rho (D)-negative individuals transfused with Rh0(D)-positive red blood cells (RBCs) or blood components containing Rh0(D)-positive RBCs. Also indicated in Rh0(D)-positive, non-splenectomized adult patients with chronic immune thrombocytopenic purpura (ITP) to raise platelet counts.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  ADH-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adherex's biotechnology compound, ADH-1, targets N-cadherin, a protein present on certain tumor cells and established tumor blood vessels. ADH-1 is currently in clinical development in a combination program with a range of chemotherapeutic agents to investigate the synergistic effects noted in our preclinical models. At the end of 2006, the Company also completed patient enrollment in our single-agent Phase Ib/II and Phase II trials of ADH-1.Cadherins are cell adhesion and cell signaling molecules crucial to the development of tissues, organs and organisms. Agents that target and inhibit cadherin function have the potential to attack the progression of cancer at two distinct points:* Direct targeting of cadherins expressed on cancer cells may disturb cadherin-mediated signaling, leading to apoptosis (death) of cancer cells.* Cadherin inhibitors may exploit the inherent structural weaknesses of the tumor vasculature, causing angiolysis (disruption of blood vessels) and tumor damage.As many tumors become more aggressive, invasive, and malignant, researchers have found that N-cadherin is expressed in greater amounts, making it an important target for developing anti-cancer treatments.Poorly differentiated, highly invasive carcinomas are characterized by over-expression of N-cadherin (as opposed to E-cadherin). This change in primary cadherin expression causes the epithelial cells to lose their tightly adherent, polarized and well-defined shape and become loosely adherent, flattened and migratory. Such cadherin switching promotes properties such as dedifferentiation, local invasion and metastasis, leading to poor prognosis.ADH-1 may have utility in a wide variety of cancers as N-cadherin is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. As tumors progress to become higher grade, invasive and more metastatic, the frequency of N-cadherin expression generally rises.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), melanoma, ovarian cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Delafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Delafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Gonorrhea, Hepatic Impairment, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Skin Structure Infections, and Community Acquired Pneumonia, among others. It was approved in June 2017 under the trade name Baxdela for use in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections.
4. Indication:  Delafloxacin is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by the Gram-positive organisms Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible isolates), Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), Streptococcus pyogenes, and Enterococcus faecalis as well as the Gram-negative organisms Escherichia coli, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Clomifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A triphenyl ethylene stilbene derivative which is an estrogen agonist or antagonist depending on the target tissue.
4. Indication:  Used mainly in female infertility due to anovulation (e.g. due to polycystic ovary syndrome) to induce ovulation. 
