DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bimekizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bimekizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Psoriatic arthritis, Ankylosing Spondylitis, Chronic Plaque Psoriasis, and Mild to Moderate Psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Golimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Golimumab is a human IgG1қ monoclonal antibody derived from immunizing genetically engineered mice with human TNFα. Golimumab binds and inhibits soluble and transmembrane human TNFα. Increased TNFα is associated with chronic inflammation. Thus golimumab is indicated for use in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications. In the U.S. and Canada, golimumab is marketed under the brand name Simponi®. The FDA label includes a black box warning of serious infections and malignancy. Additionally in children and adolescents taking golimumab, there have been lymphoma and other malignancies observed.
4. Indication:  Used in adults (i) as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with moderate to severe active rheumatoid arthritis (RA), (ii) alone or as an adjunct to methotrexate treatment in patients with active psoriatic arthritis (PsA), (iii) as a single agent in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis (AS), and (iv) as a single agent in patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (UC) who require chronic steroids or have experienced intolerance or only a partial response to previous medications.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Adalimumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adalimumab is a human monoclonal antibody against TNF-alpha. It is produced by recombinant DNA technology using a mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 1330 amino acids and has a molecular weight of approximately 148 kilodaltons [3].
4. Indication:  For treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Phenylbutazone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A drug that has anti-inflammatory, antipyretic, and analgesic activities. It is especially effective in the treatment of ankylosing spondylitis. It also is useful in rheumatoid arthritis and Reiter's syndrome (investigational indication). Although phenylbutazone is effective in gouty arthritis, risk/benefit considerations indicate that this drug should not be employed for this disease. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p1822)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of backache and ankylosing spondylitis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fenbufen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Etoricoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Etoricoxib is a new COX-2 selective inhibitor. Current therapeutic indications are: treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, chronic low back pain, acute pain and gout. Like any other COX-2 selective inhibitor, Etoricoxib selectively inhibits isoform 2 of cyclo-oxigenase enzyme (COX-2). This reduces the generation of prostaglandins (PGs) from arachidonic acid.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, chronic low back pain, acute pain and gout.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug. It was withdrawn from the market in the United Kingdom in 1979.
4. Indication:  Alclofenac is indicated in rheumatology, in particular for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis and, as an analgesic, in painful arthritic pathologies.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Etanercept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimeric fusion protein consisting of the extracellular ligand-binding portion of the human 75 kilodalton (p75) tumor necrosis factor receptor (TNFR) linked to the Fc portion of human IgG1. The Fc component of etanercept contains the CH2 domain, the CH3 domain and hinge region, but not the CH1 domain of IgG1. Etanercept is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) mammalian cell expression system. It consists of 934 amino acids.
4. Indication:  Etanercept is indicated for the treatment of moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis in adults and chronic moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in adults. It is also used to manage signs and symptoms of polyarticular idiopathic arthritis in those aged 4 to 17 after insufficient response to one or more disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drugs. Etanercept is also used to improve psoriatic arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Aceclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with marked anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. It is reported to have a higher anti-inflammatory action or at least comparable effects than conventional NSAIDs in double-blind studies [2, 3, 5]. Aceclofenac potently inhibits the cyclo-oxygenase enzyme (COX) that is involved in the synthesis of prostaglandins, which are inflammatory mediators that cause pain, swelling, inflammation, and fever. It is orally administered for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. Aceclofenac belongs to BCS Class II as it possesses poor aqueous solubility [2]. It displays high permeability to penetrate into synovial joints where in patients with osteoarthritis and related conditions, the loss of articular cartilage in the area causes joint pain, tenderness, stiffness, crepitus, and local inflammation [1]. Aceclofenac is also reported to be effective in other painful conditions such as dental and gynaecological conditions [7]. In 1991, aceclofenac was developed as an analog of a commonly prescribed NSAID, Diclofenac, via chemical modification in effort to improve the gastrointestinal tolerability of the drug. It is a more commonly prescribed drug in Europe.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of pain and inflammation in osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis and ankylosing spondylitis. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Secukinumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Indomethacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Indomethacin is a non-steroidal antiinflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antiinflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Its pharmacological effect is thought to be mediated through inhibition of the enzyme cyclooxygenase (COX), the enzyme responsible for catalyzes the rate-limiting step in prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. 
4. Indication:  For moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis including acute flares of chronic disease, ankylosing spondylitis, osteoarthritis, acute painful shoulder (bursitis and/or tendinitis) and acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ketoprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketoprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties. 
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of acute and chronic rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, primary dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain associated with musculotendinous trauma (sprains and strains), postoperative (including dental surgery) or postpartum pain.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Diclofenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAID) with antipyretic and analgesic actions. It is primarily available as the sodium salt. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the acute and chronic treatment of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Prednisolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid with the general properties of the corticosteroids. It is the drug of choice for all conditions in which routine systemic corticosteroid therapy is indicated, except adrenal deficiency states. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of primary or secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, such as congenital adrenal hyperplasia, thyroiditis. Also used to treat psoriatic arthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, bursitis, acute gouty arthritis and epicondylitis. Also indicated for treatment of systemic lupus erythematosus, pemphigus and acute rhematic carditis. Can be used in the treatment of leukemias, lymphomas, thrombocytopenia purpura and autoimmune hemolytic anemia. Can be used to treat celiac disease, insulin resistance, ulcerative colitis and liver disorders.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sulindac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulindac is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) of the arylalkanoic acid class that is marketed in the U.S. by Merck as Clinoril. Like other NSAIAs, it may be used in the treatment of acute or chronic inflammatory conditions. Sulindac is a prodrug, derived from sulfinylindene, that is converted in vivo to an active sulfide compound by liver enzymes. The sulfide metabolite then undergoes enterohepatic circulation; it is excreted in the bile and then reabsorbed from the intestine. This is thought to help maintain constant blood levels with reduced gastrointestinal side effects. Some studies have shown sulindac to be relatively less irritating to the stomach than other NSAIA's except for drugs of the cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor class. The exact mechanism of its NSAIA properties is unknown, but it is thought to act on enzymes COX-1 and COX-2, inhibiting prostaglandin synthesis.
4. Indication:  For acute or long-term use in the relief of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, acute painful shoulder (acute subacromial bursitis/supraspinatus tendinitis), and acute gouty arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Acemetacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Acemetacin is a carboxymethyl ester of indometacin. It is a potent non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, derived from the indol-3-acetic acid, whose activity is thought to be mainly through its active metabolite indomethacin.[1] In clinical trials, acemetacin exhibits a better gastric tolerability compared to its active metabolite indometacin.[6] It was developed by E. Merck and Company in Germany as an attempt to provide a safer drug but other than the amelioration on the gastrointestinal effects, the metabolism of acetamicin led to the formation of indomethacin and it kept the same side effects.[7]
4. Indication:  Acemetacin is not FDA, Canada or EMA approved, but in the countries where it is marketed it is indicated for the symptomatic treatment of pain and swelling in acute inflammation of the joints in rheumathoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, low back pain and post-surgical pain.[11] It is also indicated for the treatment of chronic inflammation of the joints in presence of rheumatoid arthritis, treatment of ankylosing spondylitis, treatment of irritation in the joints and spinal column caused by degenerative disorders, treatment of inflammatory soft-tissue rheumatism syndrome and painful swelling and inflammation caused by injury.[10, 12]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tofacitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tofacitinib is an inhibitor of Janus kinases, a group of intracellular enzymes involved in signalling pathways that affect hematopoiesis and immune cell function. It is approved by the FDA for treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis that responds inadequately to methotrexate or in those who are intolerant to methotrexate.Besides rheumatoid arthritis, tofacitinib has also been studied in clinical trials for the prevention of organ transplant rejection, and is currently under investigation for the treatment of psoriasis. Known adverse effects include nausea and headache as well as more serious immunologic and hematological adverse effects. Tofacitinib is marketed under the brand name Xeljanz by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis which is resistant or intolerant to methotrexate therapy. It may also be used as an adjunct to methotrexate therapy, or other non-biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDS), when methotrexate alone is not sufficient. Tofacitinib has also been investigated as a preventative therapy for kidney transplant rejections, and as a treatment for psoriasis, ulcerative colitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is not to be initiated in patients with a history of chronic or recurrent infections, or in the presence of active infection, even if localized, due to reports of serious and sometimes fatal infections (commonly pneumonia, herpes zoster and urinary tract infections). Use of tofacitinib is also discouraged in those who have been, or are likely to be, exposed to TB. An increased likelihood of exposure may be encountered by traveling to certain areas. In addition, tofacitinib is not to be used in patients with severe hepatic impairment, or low hemoglobin (less than 9g/dL). Cautioned is advised when using tofacitinib in patients at risk of gastrointestinal perforation, and in the elderly who are more susceptible to infection. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Naproxen
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anti-inflammatory agent with analgesic and antipyretic properties. Both the acid and its sodium salt are used in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and other rheumatic or musculoskeletal disorders, dysmenorrhea, and acute gout.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, tendinitis, bursitis, and acute gout. Also for the relief of mild to moderate pain and the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Acetylsalicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical analgesic used in the treatment of mild to moderate pain. It has anti-inflammatory and antipyretic properties and acts as an inhibitor of cyclooxygenase which results in the inhibition of the biosynthesis of prostaglandins. Acetylsalicylic acid also inhibits platelet aggregation and is used in the prevention of arterial and venous thrombosis. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p5)
4. Indication:  For use in the temporary relief of various forms of pain, inflammation associated with various conditions (including rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis, systemic lupus erythematosus, osteoarthritis, and ankylosing spondylitis), and is also used to reduce the risk of death and/or nonfatal myocardial infarction in patients with a previous infarction or unstable angina pectoris.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
