DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tetrahydrofolic acid
2. Groups:  Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Tetrahydrofolic acid is a folic acid derivative. It is produced from dihydrofolic acid by dihydrofolate reductase. It is converted into 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate by serine hydroxymethyltransferase. It is a coenzyme in many reactions, especially in the metabolism of amino acids and nucleic acids. It acts as a donor of a group with one carbon atom. It gets this carbon atom by sequestering formaldehyde produced in other processes.
4. Indication:  For nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrex gly is a coordination complex that consists of of aluminum zirconium octachlorohydrate and glycine. It is an active antiperspirant agent in deodorant products. It diffuses into the sweat pores and block sweat from leaving the pores. The anhydrous form of the compound has water-absorbing properties.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Calcium Carbonate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Calcium carbonate is an inorganic salt used as an antacid. It is a basic compound that acts by neutralizing hydrochloric acid in gastric secretions. Subsequent increases in pH may inhibit the action of pepsin. An increase in bicarbonate ions and prostaglandins may also confer cytoprotective effects. Calcium carbonate may also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia.
4. Indication:  For relief of heartburn and acid indigestion. May also be used as a nutritional supplement or to treat hypocalcemia. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Diethylcarbamazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic used primarily as the citrate in the treatment of filariasis, particularly infestations with Wucheria bancrofti or Loa loa. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of individual patients with certain filarial diseases including tropical pulmonary eosinophilia, loiasis, and lymphatic filariasis caused by infection with Wuchereria bancrofti, Brugia malayi, or Brugia timori.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pectin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Pectin is a heteropolysaccharide commercially derived from the cell wall of higher plants.[2] It is composed of partially methylated polygalacturonic acid units linked in the positions 1-4.[7] The carboxylic group of the constituents of pectin can exist in the form of esters, free acids, ammonium, potassium or sodium salts or as acid amides. Under the FDA regulation, pectin qualifies as a GRAS (generally recognized as safe) food substance. This status allows pectin to be used with no limitations.[6]
4. Indication:  Pectin is used in food as a gelling agent and stabilizer. As a medical drug, it has obtained a great interest in its potential use as a source of dietary fiber, lipid, cholesterol, serum glucose and insulin level lowering effect, gastric emptying delay.[2] Some recent studies have researched the possibility of using pectin for the formation of nanoparticles as a delivery vehicle of drugs.[3]
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Sodium stibogluconate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sodium stibogluconate is a medicine used to treat leishmaniasis and is only available for administration by injection. It belongs to the class of medicines known as the pentavalent antimonials. Sodium stibogluconate is sold in the UK as Pentostam (manufactured by GlaxoSmithKline). Widespread resistance has limited the utility of sodium stibogluconate, and in many parts of the world, amphotericin or miltefosine are used instead. It is also being investigated as an anti-tumor agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various types of a protozoal infection called leishmaniasis, which may result from sandfly bites in tropical and temperate parts of the world. Also investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Kappadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Kappadione is a Vitamin K derivative (chemically, it is menadiol sodium diphosphate), previously approved by FDA prior to 1982 and marketed by Lilly Marketing for this drug has been discontinued and is not available in North America [3]. It has been found to have carcinogenic potential in mammalian cells as well as cytotoxic properties [4]. Studies involving the active metabolite of this formulation, menadione, showed oocyte toxicity in a study of mice [4].
4. Indication:  Anticoagulant-induced prothrombin deficiency caused by coumadin or indanedione derivatives,prophylaxis and therapy of hemorrhagic disease of the newborn, hypoprothrombinemia due to antibacterial therapy,hypoprothrombinemia secondary to factors limiting absorption or synthesis of vitamin K (for example, obstructive jaundice, biliary fistula, sprue, ulcerative colitis, celiac disease, intestinal resection, cystic fibrosis of the pancreas, and regional enteritis, other drug-induced hypoprothrombinemia where it is definitely shown that the result is due to interference with vitamin K metabolism) [5, 6].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in personal care products as an antiperspirant agent. Its main mechanism of action is through blocking the pores via formation of polymer complex and preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Witch hazel
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Triclosan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An aromatic ether that is phenol which is substituted at C-5 by a chloro group and at C-2 by a 2,4-dichlorophenoxy group. It is widely used as a preservative and antimicrobial agent in personal care products such as soaps, skin creams, toothpaste and deodorants as well as in household items such as plastic chopping boards, sports equipment and shoes. [ChEBI]
4. Indication:  Triclosan is used in a variety of common household products, including soaps, mouthwashes, dish detergents, toothpastes, deodorants, and hand sanitizers. It is also used in health care settings in surgical scrubs and personnel hand washes.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Padimate O
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Padimate O is an organic compound related to the water-soluble compound PABA (4-aminobenzoic acid) that is used as an ingredient in some sunscreens. This yellowish water-insoluble oily liquid is an ester formed by the condensation of 2-ethylhexanol with dimethylaminobenzoic acid. Other names for padimate O include 2-ethylhexyl 4-dimethylaminobenzoate, Escalol 507, octyldimethyl PABA, and OD-PABA. Padimate provides skin protection against UV-B ray-induced skin damage by absorbing ultraviolet rays.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Folic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  A member of the vitamin B family that stimulates the hematopoietic system. It is present in the liver and kidney and is found in mushrooms, spinach, yeast, green leaves, and grasses (poaceae). Folic acid is used in the treatment and prevention of folate deficiencies and megaloblastic anemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of folic acid deficiency, megaloblastic anemia and in anemias of nutritional supplements, pregnancy, infancy, or childhood.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Aluminum zirconium trichlorohydrex gly is a common active ingredient in deodorant and antiperspirant products for the over-the-counter use. It is consisted of a mixture of monomeric and polymeric Zr4+ and Al3+ complexes with hydroxide, chloride and glycine. The compound forms a colloidal plug in sweat pores, preventing sweat from leaving the body.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dimethicone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dimethicone is a silicone oil that is also known as polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS). It has viscoelastic properties. Dimethicone is used as a surfactant, antifoaming agent, carminative in various products such as medical devices, food products, and lubricants. It is used in a number of health and beauty products including hair care products such as shampoo, conditioner, leave-in conditioner, and de-tangling products. On skin, it is also observed to have moisturizing actions [6, 8].A study found that that the 100 % dimethicone product is a safe and highly effective head lice treatment for children and may serve as less toxic and less resistance-prone alternative to pesticide-containing products [3].
4. Indication:  Dimethicone is a colorless liquid with both cosmetic and therapeutic uses. It is used in topical creams and ointments to help distribute the active ingredients. Dimethicone is used as an anti-foaming agent, a hair and skin conditioner, and in the treatment of head lice and, as an anti-bloating/anti-flatulence agent [2], [7].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Calcium
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. The skeleton acts as a major mineral storage site for the element and releases Ca2+ ions into the bloodstream under controlled conditions. Circulating calcium is either in the free, ionized form or bound to blood proteins such as serum albumin. Although calcium flow to and from the bone is neutral, about 5 mmol is turned over a day. Bone serves as an important storage point for calcium, as it contains 99% of the total body calcium. Low calcium intake may also be a risk factor in the development of osteoporosis. The best-absorbed form of calcium from a pill is a calcium salt like carbonate or phosphate. Calcium gluconate and calcium lactate are absorbed well by pregnant women. Seniors absorb calcium lactate, gluconate and citrate better unless they take their calcium supplement with a full breakfast.
4. Indication:  Calcium plays a vital role in the anatomy, physiology and biochemistry of organisms and of the cell, particularly in signal transduction pathways. It is vital in cell signaling, muscular contractions, bone health, and signalling cascades.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Aluminum chlorohydrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chlorohydrate is a group of water-soluble aluminum complexes with the general formula AlnCl(3n-m)(OH)m. It is included up to 25% in over-the-counter hygiene products as an active antiperspirant agent. The primary site of action of aluminum chlorohydrate is at the level of the stratum corneum layer, which is relatively near the skin surface [1]. It is also used as a coagulant in the water purification process.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as an antiperspirant. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Zinc oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zinc oxide is an inorganic compound with the formula ZnO. ZnO is a white powder that is insoluble in water, and it is widely used as an additive in numerous materials and products including rubbers, plastics, ceramics, glass, cement, lubricants, paints, ointments, adhesives, sealants, pigments, foods, batteries, ferrites, fire retardants, and first-aid tapes. It occurs naturally as the mineral zincite, but most zinc oxide is produced synthetically. It is also widely used to treat a variety of other skin conditions, in products such as baby powder and barrier creams to treat diaper rashes, calamine cream, anti-dandruff shampoos, and antiseptic ointments.
4. Indication:  For adjunctive treatment of diaper dermatitis. Also, it can be used to treat minor skin irritations (eg, cuts, burns, and scrapes, poison ivy).Zinc oxide can be used in ointments, creams, and lotions to protect against sunburn and other damage to the skin caused by ultraviolet light.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Oxybenzone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oxybenzone is an organic compound used in sunscreens. It is a derivative of benzophenone. It forms colorless crystals that are readily soluble in most organic solvents. It is used as an ingredient in sunscreen and other cosmetics because it absorbs UV-A ultraviolet rays.
4. Indication:  Used as an ingredient in sunscreen and other cosmetics.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Doxylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Octisalate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Also known as Ethylhexyl Salicylate. Octyl salicylate is an oil soluble chemical sunscreen agent that absorbs UVB radiation. It does not protect against UVA.Octyl salicylate is used to augment the UVB protection in a sunscreen. Salicylates are weak UVB absorbers and they are generally used in combination with other UV filters. Octyl salicylate appears to have a good safety profile.It covers wavelength in the range 295-315 nm, peak at 307-310 nm. It is an ester of salicylic acid and 2-ethylhexanol. The salicylate portion of the molecule absorbs ultraviolet light, protecting skin from the harmful effects of exposure to sunlight. The ethylhexanol portion is a fatty alcohol, adding emollient and oil-like (water resistant) properties
4. Indication:  Ingredient in sunscreens for protection against damage effects of sun light, provides protection from sunburns, aging and skin cancer. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Octinoxate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Octinoxate is a cinnamate ester and common ingredient in sunscreen and other skin care products to minimize DNA photodamage. It was originally developed in 1950's as an organic UV-B filter that absorbs UV-B rays from sun. It is often combined with nanoparticles or other water-resistant liposomes in formulations to increase the localization at the epidermis and decrease the risk of percutaneous absorption. Its use in pharmaceutical and cosmetic formulations is approved by FDA.
4. Indication:  As an active ingredient in sunscreens and lip balms. Used for protection against damaging effects of sun rays. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Homosalate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Homosalate is an organic compound that belongs to salicylates. It is an ester formed from salicylic acid and 3,3,5-trimethylcyclohexanol, a derivative of cyclohexanol. Salicylates prevent direct skin exposure to the sun’s harmful rays by absorbing ultraviolet (UV) light. Homosalate specifically absorbs short-wave UVB rays, which are associated with DNA damage and increased risk of skin cancer. It is a common ingredient in many commercially available sunscreens. There are no reported adverse effects from homosalate.
4. Indication:  As ingredient in many sunscreen for protection against sunburn, skin aging and skin cancer. 
