DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Adinazolam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Adinazolam (Deracyn®) is a benzodiazepine derivative. It possesses anxiolytic, anticonvulsant, sedative, and antidepressant properties. Adinazolam was developed by Dr. Jackson B. Hester, who was seeking to enhance the antidepressant properties of alprazolam, which he also developed. Adinazolam was never FDA approved and was never available to the public. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety and status epilepticus.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Allopregnanolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Allopregnanolone is under investigation for the treatment of Super-Refractory Status Epilepticus. Allopregnanolone has been investigated for the treatment of Severe Postpartum Depression.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Propofol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Propofol is an intravenous anaesthetic agent used for induction and maintenance of general anaesthesia. IV administration of propfol is used to induce unconsciousness after which anaesthesia may be maintained using a combination of medications. Recovery from propofol-induced anaesthesia is generally rapid and associated with less frequent side effects (e.g. drowsiness, nausea, vomiting) than with thiopental, methohexital, and etomidate. Propofol may be used prior to diagnostic procedures requiring anaesthesia, in the management of refractory status epilepticus, and for induction and/or maintenance of anaesthesia prior to and during surgeries.
4. Indication:  Used for induction and/or maintenance of anaesthesia and for management of refractory status epilepticus. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Lorazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine used as an anti-anxiety agent with few side effects. It also has hypnotic, anticonvulsant, and considerable sedative properties and has been proposed as a preanesthetic agent.
4. Indication:  For the management of anxiety disorders, and for treatment of status epilepticus.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Tiagabine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tiagabine is an anti-convulsive medication. It is also used in the treatment for panic disorder as are a few other anticonvulsants. Though the exact mechanism by which tiagabine exerts its effect on the human body is unknown, it does appear to operate as a selective GABA reuptake inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of partial seizures
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Fosphenytoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fosphenytoin is a water-soluble phenytoin prodrug used only in hospitals for the treatment of epileptic seizures. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Its main mechanism is to block frequency-dependent, use-dependent and voltage-dependent neuronal sodium channels, and therefore limit repetitive firing of action potentials.
4. Indication:  For the control of generalized convulsive status epilepticus and prevention and treatment of seizures occurring during neurosurgery. It can also be substituted, short-term, for oral phenytoin.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  XP12B
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XP12B is being developed by Xanodyne Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of menorrhagia (heavy menstrual bleeding). It was granted Fast Track status for this indication by the FDA in November 2004.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in menstrual disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  scyllo-inositol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An isomer of glucose that has traditionally been considered to be a B vitamin although it has an uncertain status as a vitamin and a deficiency syndrome has not been identified in man. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1379) Inositol phospholipids are important in signal transduction. Scyllitol has been investigated for the treatment of Alzheimer Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Erythropoietin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Erythropoietin is a 165-amino acid erythropoiesis-stimulating glycoprotein manufactured by recombinant DNA technology. It has a molecular weight of approximately 30,400 daltons and is produced by mammalian cells into which the human erythropoietin gene has been introduced. The product contains the identical amino acid sequence of isolated natural erythropoietin.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of symptomatic anaemia associated with chronic renal failure (CRF) in adult and paediatric patients. Also for use in the treatment of anaemia and reduction of transfusion requirements in adult patients receiving chemotherapy for solid tumours, malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma, and at risk of transfusion as assessed by the patient's general status (e.g. cardiovascular status, pre-existing anaemia at the start of chemotherapy). Also for used to increase the yield of autologous blood from patients in a predonation program. When administered subcutaneously, Epoetin Zeta is equivalent to Epoetin Alfa in terms of clinical effectiveness.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Danirixin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Danirixin has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Virus Diseases, Nutritional Status, Pulmonary Disease, Chronic Obstructive, and Infections, Respiratory Syncytial Virus.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Aminocandin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminocandin is a new representative of the echinocandins that could potentially affect the cellular morphology and metabolic status of Candida albicans cells within biofilms.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in fungal infections.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Befunolol
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Befunolol is a beta blocker introduced in 1983 by Kakenyaku Kakko. It is currently in experimental status, and is being tested for the management of open angle glaucoma.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of open angle glaucoma. PMID: 12480285. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ancestim
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ancestim is a non-glycosylated recombinant methionyl human stem cell factor. It is a 166 amino acid protein produced by E. coli with an amino acid sequence that is identical to the natural sequence predicted from human DNA sequence analysis, except for the addition of an N-terminal methionine.[5] Ancestim was developed by Amgen and sold to Biovitrium, now Swedish Orphan Biovitrum, in December 2008. It was submitted to the FDA under the status of recommendation for approval with a 10 to 1 votes.[2] It was also approved by Health Canada in 1999 but it is currently under the status of canceled post-market.[4]
4. Indication:  Ancestim, in combination with filgrastim, is indicated for the setting of autologous peripheral blood progenitor cell transplantation in patients at risk of poor peripheral blood progenitor cell mobilisation.[7] The use of ancestim with filgrastim will generate a sustained increase in the number of peripheral blood progenitor cells capable of engraftment. It is used for mobilization of progenitor cells from the bone marrow to the peripheral blood with or withouth mobilizing chemotherapy. The harvested progenitor cells can be used for transplant following myelosuppressive or myeloablative therapies.[6]
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eniluracil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eniluracil, which was previously under development by GlaxoSmithKline (GSK), is being developed by Adherex to enhance the therapeutic value and effectiveness of 5-fluorouracil (5-FU), one of the world’s most widely-used oncology agents. 5-FU is widely used in the U.S. and is often first or second line therapy for a variety of cancers including colorectal, breast, gastric, head and neck, ovarian and basal cell cancer of the skin. Eniluracil could improve 5-FU by increasing its effectiveness, reducing its side effects and/or making it orally available. Eniluracil has received Orphan Drug status from the FDA for the treatment of hepatocellular cancer in combination with fluoropyrimidines (including 5-FU).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer in combination with 5-fluorouracil.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  ALTU-135
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALTU-135, the Company's orally administered enzyme replacement therapy for patients with pancreatic insufficiency, is manufactured by blending three drug substance enzymes: lipase, protease and amylase. This consistent and pure enzyme combination is designed to improve fat, protein and carbohydrate absorption in pancreatic insufficient individuals. ALTU-135 has been granted orphan drug and fast-track designation as well as CMA Pilot 2 program status by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cystic fibrosis and pancreatic disorders.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Vinflunine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vinflunine is an ingredient in the EMA-authorised product Javlor.
4. Indication:  For use as a monotherapy in adults with advanced or transitional cell carcinoma of the urothelial tract after failure of a prior platinum-containing therapy [FDA Label].Efficacy and safety of vinflunine has not been studied in patients with performance status of 2 or less.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Amorolfine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Amorolfine (or amorolfin), is a morpholine antifungal drug that inhibits D14 reductase and D7-D8 isomerase, which depletes ergosterol and causes ignosterol to accumulate in the fungal cytoplasmic cell membranes. Marketed as Curanail, Loceryl, Locetar, and Odenil, amorolfine is commonly available in the form of a nail lacquer, containing 5% amorolfine as the active ingredient. It is used to treat onychomycosis (fungal infection of the toe- and fingernails). Amorolfine 5% nail lacquer in once-weekly or twice-weekly applications has been shown in two studies to be between 60% and 71% effective in treating toenail onychomycosis; complete cure rates three months after stopping treatment (after six months of treatment) were 38% and 46%. However, full experimental details of these trials were not available and since they were first reported in 1992 there have been no subsequent trials.It is a topical solution for the treatment of toenail infections. Systemic treatments may be considered more effective.It is approved for sale over the counter in Australia and the UK (recently re-classified to over the counter status), and is approved for the treatment of toenail fungus by prescription in other countries. It is not approved for the treatment of onychomycosis in the United States or Canada, but can be ordered from there by mail from other countries.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Emricasan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emricasan is the first caspase inhibitor tested in human which has received orphan drug status by FDA. It is developed by Pfizer and made in such a way that it protects liver cells from excessive apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hepatitis (viral, C), liver disease, and transplantation (organ or tissue).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Irofulven
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A novel anti-cancer compound synthesized by scientists at the University of California, San Diego more than a decade ago from toxins of the poisonous jack-o-lantern mushroom, has been granted “fast track” status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) after demonstrating promise against one of the most deadly cancers. MGI-114 (Irofulven) is currently being developed by MGI PHARMA, Inc., an emerging oncology-focused pharmaceutical company based in Minneapolis. Phase III clinical trials involving the drug have been underway since early 2001 at sites in the U.S. and Europe.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, endometrial cancer, liver cancer, lung cancer, ovarian cancer, pancreatic cancer, pediatric indications, prostate cancer, and sarcoma.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Zotepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Zotepine, with the formula (2-chloro-11-(2-dimethyl-amino-ethoxy)-dibenzo thiepin, is a neuroleptic drug. It was designed and synthesized by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co Ltd.[1] It has been used as an antipsychotic in Japan, India and some places in Europe like UK and Germany since 1980's.[2] Zotepine was never approved by the FDA. In 1993, it was classified as inactive drug substance (Status I, Type II) and in 1995 the FDA studied the manufacturing procedures of Zotepine tablets in Germany, but the status remained inactive.[9] When the analysis of antipsychotics was retaken in 2016 by the FDA, zotepine did not reach the threshold effect to be further studied.[10]. In the EMA, by 2015 it was under pharmacovigilance studies for the potential treatment of acute renal failure.[11]
4. Indication:  Zotepine, like other atypical antipsychotics, is considered as the first-line treatment in newly diagnosed schizophrenia. It is usually thought to be an option of choice for managing acute schizophrenic episodes when discussion with the patient is not possible. Zotepine, as an atypical antipsychotic, is used in patients who are suffering unacceptable side effects from conventional antipsychotics or in relapse patients that were inadequately controlled.[7] It is important to consider that the indications stated above are related to atypical antipsychotics, that zotepine is not currently FDA, Canada or EMA approved and that studies have not shown any additional benefit when compared with other approved atypical antipsychotics.[2]Schizophrenia is a chronic and severe mental disorder that affects how a person thinks, feels and behaves. It is usually marked for a loose reality perspective delineated by hallucinations, delusions and thought and movement disorders.[12]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tandutinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN518 is a novel, oral, small molecule designed to inhibit type III receptor tyrosine kinases, including FLT3, (platelet-derived growth-factor receptor) PDGFR and c-KIT. Tyrosine kinases are enzymes involved in several cellular processes and are known to be activated in cancer cells to drive tumor growth. AML patients with FLT3 mutations experience earlier disease relapse and shorter survival rates compared to patients without these mutations. Approximately 25 to 30 percent of all adult AML patients have a mutation of the FLT3 gene. The use of MLN518 to treat AML has been granted fast-track status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Phase I/II trials are underway.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Chondroitin sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Chondroitin sulfate is a glycosaminoglycan considered as a symptomatic slow-acting drug for osteoarthritis (SYSADOA).[1] The SYSADOA status suggested a pain relief and increased joint mobility after a relative long regular administration, as well as a long-lasting effect after the end of the treatment. Chondroitin sulfate is composed of alternating 1,3-N-acetyl-β-d-galactosamine and 1,4-β-d-glucuronic acid units which bear 4-O- and/or 6-O-sulfations at the N-acetylgalactosamine units disposed of in specific patterns. Depending on the predominating disaccharide unit, it will present different biological activities.[2] Chondroitin sulfate is sold as an OTC dietary supplement in North America and it is a prescription drug under the EMA in Europe.[4]
4. Indication:  Chondroitin sulfate, used with glucosamine, is indicated to alleviate pain and inflammation from primary osteoarthritis.[7] This supplement is reported to improve joint function and slow disease progression.[8] Osteoarthritis is characterized by progressive structural and metabolic changes in joint tissues, mainly cartilage degradation, subchondral bone sclerosis and inflammation of synovial membrane.[4]Studies have proposed the potential use of chondroitin sulfate as a nutraceutical in dietary supplements.[3]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Plerixafor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Plerixafor is a hematopoietic stem cell mobilizer. It is used to stimulate the release of stem cells from the bone marrow into the blood in patients with non-Hodgkin lymphoma and multiple myeloma for the purpose of stimulating the immune system. These stem cells are then collected and used in autologous stem cell transplantation to replace blood-forming cells that were destroyed by chemotherapy. Plerixafor has orphan drug status in the United States and European Union; it was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on December 15, 2008.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with granulocyte-colony stimulating factor (G-CSF, filgrastim) to mobilize hematopoietic stem cells to the peripheral blood for collection and subsequent autologous transplantation in patients with non-Hodgkin’s lymphoma (NHL) and multiple myeloma (MM).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tasimelteon
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tasimelteon is a selective dual melatonin receptor agonist indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD). Occurring commonly in blind individuals without light perception, this condition is often characterized by periods of night-time insomnia and day-time sleepiness. In blind individuals, a lack of light stimulation causes an extension of the 24-hour circadian cycle and can lead to progressively delayed sleep onset. By activating melatonin receptors MT1 and MT2 in the suprachiasmatic nucleus of the brain, tasimelteon has been shown to improve sleep by resynchronizing the circadian rhythm through its "non-photic" mechanism. Tasimelteon is currently the only drug available for the treatment of N24HSWD and was granted orphan drug status by the FDA in 2010.
4. Indication:  Tasimelteon is indicated for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (N24HSWD).
