DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oregovomab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oregovomab is a murine monoclonal antibody that attaches to the tumor-associated antigen CA125.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ovarian cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Stanozolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol is derived from testosterone, and has been abused by several high profile professional athletes. 
4. Indication:  Stanozolol is a synthetic anabolic steroid with therapeutic uses in treating C1-inhibitor deficient hereditary angioedema. C1-inhibitor is a protease that inhibits the complement system (part of the innate immune system), a biochemical chain of reactions which assists the body in removing pathogens from the body. Stanozolol may help control attacks of hereditary angioedema. Stanozolol can be administered orally or intramuscularly. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Megestrol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  17-Hydroxy-6-methylpregna-3,6-diene-3,20-dione. A progestational hormone used most commonly as the acetate ester. As the acetate, it is more potent than progesterone both as a progestagen and as an ovulation inhibitor. It has also been used in the palliative treatment of breast cancer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anorexia, cachexia, or an unexplained, significant weight loss in patients with a diagnosis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Also used for the palliative management of recurrent, inoperable, or metastatic breast cancer, endometrial cancer, and prostate cancer in Canada and some other countries.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Water
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Water (chemical formula: H2O) is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and rain, and is the major constituent of the fluids of organisms. As a chemical compound, a water molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms that are connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at standard ambient temperature and pressure, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice; and gaseous state, steam (water vapor).
4. Indication:  For diluting or dissolving drugs for intravenous, intramuscular or subcutaneous injection, according to instructions of the manufacturer of the drug to be administered [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Titanium dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Titanium dioxide, also known as titanium(IV) oxide or titania, is the naturally occurring oxide of titanium, chemical formula TiO2. When used as a pigment, it is called titanium white, Pigment White 6 (PW6), or CI 77891. Generally it is sourced from ilmenite, rutile and anatase.
4. Indication:  In the pharmaceutical industry, titanium dioxide is used in most sunscreens to block UVA and UVB rays, similar to zinc oxide. It is also commonly used as pigment for pharmaceutical products such as gelatin capsules, tablet coatings and syrups.
