DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Invert sugar
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Invert sugar is obtained from sugar cane when this is treated with dilute acid or with the invertase enzyme. It is formed by an equal amount of glucose and fructose. It differentiates from sugar cane in the rotation of the polarized light, which in the case of invert sugar it is to the left (levorotatory).[1] Invert sugar is FDA approved since 1988 as a safe substance (GRAS).
4. Indication:  Invert sugar presents a large variety of uses. It can be used therapeutically for parenteral hyperalimentation[6] or to be used as an excipient with a known effect.[10] Invert sugar is also approved for its use in food products as a humectant, crystallization modifier, and liquid and nutritive sweetener.[7]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium Tetradecyl Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of small uncomplicated varicose veins of the lower extremities that show simple dilation with competent valves.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Polidocanol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins (varicose veins ≤1 mm in diameter) and uncomplicated reticular veins (varicose veins 1 to 3 mm in diameter) in the lower extremity. It is marketed under the brand names Asclera and Varithena. The formula for Polidocanol has the structural formula C12H25(OCH2CH2)nOH, a mean extent of polymerization (n) of approximately 9 and a mean molecular weight of approximately 600.
4. Indication:  Polidocanol is a sclerosing agent indicated to treat uncomplicated spider veins and uncomplicated reticular veins in the lower extremity. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Phenacetin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Phenacetin was withdrawn from the Canadian market in June 1973 due to concerns regarding nephropathy (damage to or disease of the kidney).
4. Indication:  Used principally as an analgesic.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Gadoteridol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoteridol provides contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies. n MRI, visualization of normal and pathological brain tissue depends in part on variations in the radiofrequency signal intensity that occur with changes in proton density, alteration of the T1, and variation in T2. When placed in a magnetic field, gadoteridol shortens the T1 relaxation time in tissues where it accumulates. Abnormal vascularity or disruption of the blood-brain barrier allows accumulation of gadoteridol in lesions such as neoplasms, abscesses, and subacute infarcts.
4. Indication:  Gadoteridol is an MRI contrast agent used for contrast enhancement of the brain, spine and surrounding tissues resulting in improved visualization (compared with unenhanced MRI) of lesions with abnormal vascularity or those thought to cause a disruption of the normal blood brain barrier. Gadoteridol can also be used for whole body contrast enhanced MRI including the head, neck, liver, breast, musculoskeletal system and soft tissue pathologies.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Echothiophate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent, long-acting irreversible cholinesterase inhibitor used as an ocular hypertensive in the treatment of glaucoma. Occasionally used for accomodative esotropia.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of subacute or chronic angle-closure glaucoma after iridectomy or where surgery is refused or contraindicated.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tinzaparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tinzaparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), produced by enzymatic depolymerization of unfractionated heparin from porcine intestinal mucosa. It is a heterogeneous mixture of with an average molecular weight between 5500 and 7500 daltons. Tinzaparin is composed of molecules with and without a special site for high affinity binding to antithrombin III (ATIII). This complex greatly accelerates the inhibition of factor Xa. It is an anticoagulant and considered an antithrombotic. Tinzaparin must be given either subcutaneously or parenterally. LMWHs are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Tinzaparin is used for the prevention of postoperative venous thromboembolism in patients undergoing orthopedic surgery and in patients undergoing general surgery who are at high risk of developing postoperative venous thromboembolism. It is also used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and/or pulmonary embolism. It is indicated for use in preventing clot formation in indwelling intravenous lines for hemodialysis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Gadodiamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadodiamide is a gadolinium based contrast agent used in MR imaging procedures to assist in the visualization of blood vessels. It is commonly marketed under the trade name Omniscan.
4. Indication:  For intravenous use in MRI to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity (or those thought to cause abnormalities in the blood-brain barrier) in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine, and associated tissues.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Gadoversetamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gadoversetamide is a gadolinium compound used as a contrast agent in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), particularly imaging of the brain, spine and liver. It is marketed under the trade name OptiMARK.
4. Indication:  Gadoversetamide is an MRI contrast agent used for MRI diagnostic procedures to provide increased enhancement and visualization of lesions of the brain, spine and liver, including tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Gadopentetate dimeglumine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A complex of gadolinium with a chelating agent, diethylenetriamine penta-acetic acid (DTPA see pentetic acid), that is given to enhance the image in cranial and spinal MRIs. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p706)
4. Indication:  For use with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) in adults, and pediatric patients (2 years of age and older) to visualize lesions with abnormal vascularity in the brain (intracranial lesions), spine and associated tissues as well as lesions with abnormal vascularity in the head and neck. Also used to facilitate the visualization of lesions with abnormal vascularity in the body (excluding the heart).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Liothyronine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The L-triiodothyronine (T3, liothyronine) thyroid hormone is normally synthesized and secreted by the thyroid gland in much smaller quantities than L-tetraiodothyronine (T4, levothyroxine, L-thyroxine). Most T3 is derived from peripheral monodeiodination of T4 at the 5 position of the outer ring of the iodothyronine nucleus. The hormone finally delivered and used by the tissues is mainly T3. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as replacement or supplemental therapy in patients with hypothyroidism of any etiology, except transient hypothyrodism during the recovery phase of subacute thyroiditis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Dexrazoxane
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antimitotic agent with immunosuppressive properties. Dexrazoxane, the (+)-enantiomorph of razoxane, provides cardioprotection against anthracycline toxicity. It appears to inhibit formation of a toxic iron-anthracycline complex. [PubChem]The Food and Drug Administration has designated dexrazoxane as an orphan drug for use in the prevention or reduction in the incidence and severity of anthracycline-induced cardiomyopathy.
4. Indication:  For reducing the incidence and severity of cardiomyopathy associated with doxorubicin administration in women with metastatic breast cancer who have received a cumulative doxorubicin hydrochloride dose of 300 mg/m^2 and would benefit from continued doxorubicin therapy. Also approved for the treatment of extravasation from intravenous anthracyclines.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Liotrix
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Liotrix is a synthetically derived thyroid hormone replacement preparation. It consists of levothyroxine sodium (thyroxine, T4) and liothyronine sodium (triiodothyronine, T3) in a 4 to 1 ratio by weight. Liotrix was developed when it was believed that serum levels of both T4 and T3 were maintained by direct thyroidal secretion. It is now known that the thyroid gland secretes approximately ten times more T4 than T3 and that 80% of serum T3 is derived from deiodination of T4 in peripheral tissues. Administration of levothyroxine alone is sufficient for maintaining serum T4 and T3 levels in most patients and combination hormone replacement therapy generally offers no therapeutic advantage. In fact, administration of T3 may result in supratherapeutic levels of T3.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat primary, secondary or tertiary hypothyroidism. May also be used to suppress thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) secretion in patients with simple (nontoxic) goiter, subacute or chronic lymphocytic thyroiditis multinodular goiter, and in the management of thyroid cancer. May be used in conjunction with other antithyroid agents to treat thyrotoxicosis to prevent goitrogenesis and hypothyroidism. May also be used for differential diagnosis of suspected mild hyperthyroidism or thyroid gland autonomy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phenol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Phenol is an antiseptic and disinfectant. It is active against a wide range of micro-organisms including some fungi and viruses, but is only slowly effective against spores. Phenol has been used to disinfect skin and to relieve itching. Phenol is also used as an oral analgesic or anesthetic in products such as Chloraseptic to treat pharyngitis. Additionally, phenol and its related compounds are used in surgical ingrown toenail treatment, a process termed phenolization. Research indicates that parental exposure to phenol and its related compounds are positively associated with spontaneous abortion. During the second world war, phenol injections were used as a means of execution by the Nazis. Phenol is a toxic compound whose vapours are corrosive to the skin, eyes, and respiratory tract. 
4. Indication:  Phenol is primarily indicated for minor sore throat pain, sore mouth, minor mouth irritation, and pain associated with canker sores. Additionally, phenol is indicated in the treatment of focal spasticity. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sennosides
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sennosides (also known as senna glycoside or senna) is a medication used to treat constipation and empty the large intestine before surgery. The medication is taken by mouth or via the rectum. It typically begins working in minutes when given by rectum and within twelve hours when given by mouth. It is a weaker laxative than bisacodyl or castor oil. Sennoside A, one of the sennosides present in the laxative medication, has recently proven effective in inhibiting the ribonuclease H (RNase H) activity of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) reverse transcriptase [1].
4. Indication:  For the over the counter treatment of constipation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
