DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Carisbamate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Carisbamate has been investigated in Alcohol Abuse, Substance Abuse, and Alcohol Dependence.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Fentanyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A potent narcotic analgesic, abuse of which leads to habituation or addiction. It is primarily a mu-opioid agonist. Fentanyl is also used as an adjunct to general anesthetics, and as an anesthetic for induction and maintenance. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1078)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cancer patients with severe pain that breaks through their regular narcotic therapy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Benzylfentanyl
2. Groups:  Illicit
3. Description:  Benzylfentanyl (R-4129) is a fentanyl analog. It was temporarily placed in the US Schedule I by emergency scheduling in 1985 due to concerns about its potential for abuse as a designer drug, but this placement was allowed to expire and benzylfentanyl was formally removed from controlled substance listing in 2010, after the DEA's testing determined it to be "essentially inactive" as an opioid. Benzylfentanyl has a Ki of 213nM at the mu opioid receptor, binding around 200x less strongly than fentanyl itself.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fluoride ion F-18
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium Fluoride F 18 Injection is a positron emitting radiopharmaceutical, no-carrier added. It contains radioactive fluoride F 18 that is used for diagnostic purposes in conjunction with positron emission tomography (PET) imaging and is administered by intravenous injection. Its primary indication is for bone imaging. Increased deposition around joints can occur in arthritis and following trauma and increased deposition in bone has been noted around fracture sites, in osteomyelitis, fibrous dysplasia, spondylitis tuberculosa, and Paget's disease. No adverse reactions have been reported.
4. Indication:  18F is used as a bone imaging agent to define areas of altered osteogenic activity. It has been indicated for back pain and otherwise unexplained bone pain, child abuse, abnormal radiographic or laboratory findings, osteomyelitis, trauma, inflammatory and degenerative arthritis, avascular necrosis. Osteonecrosis of the mandible, condylar hyperplasia, and metabolic bone disease are also among the indications for fluoride imaging. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PTI-801
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PTI-801 represents a new class of drugs to treat pain. PTI-801 can minimize the opioid tolerance, dependence or addiction that is often associated with repeat use of oxycodone.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions, osteoarthritis, and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fenproporex
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fenproporex is an orally active stimulant drug, which was developed in the 1960s. It is used as an appetite suppressant and a treatment for obesity. However, due to an addictive potential, it is listed as an illicit substance in many countries. Structurally, fenproporex (N-2-cyanoethylamphetamine) falls within the phenylethamine and amphetamine chemical class of drugs. The N-2-cyanoethyl substituent was once believed to be resistant to cleavage, because fenproporex -- once recommended as an obesity treatment for patients with cardiovascular disease -- was originally claimed to lack stimulant properties. Contrary to the claim, research has demonstrated easy in vivo cleavage of the N-2-cyanothyl substituent to yield amphetamine as a metabolite. [5] However, in clinical practice, central nervous system stimulative effects are less notorious than with some other agents such as diethylpropion and mazindol. [7]In the United States fenproporex was never approved by the FDA for clinical use due to a lack of efficacy and safety data, and is listed as a drug in Schedule IV of the Controlled Substances Act. In 2006 and 2009, the FDA issued warnings that it had been detected in diet pills sold online, and imported from foreign manufacturers. It is also listed as a prohibited substance by the World Anti-Doping Agency. [Wikipedia]Despite being banned in the United States, fenproporex has been described as the second most commonly consumed appetite suppressant worldwide, [6] with fenproporex containing anorectics still being commonly prescribed in South America. Little is known about the specific hazards of amphetamine based diet pills, however case reports have noted side effects such as chest pain, palpitations, headaches, and insomnia. In addition, placebo controlled studies have shown that participants using fenproporex experience more joint pain, sweating, blurred vision and tremor. [2] 
4. Indication:  Fenproporex is used as an appetite suppressant, and anti-obesity agent [2]; however, due to substance abuse potential, it is an illicit substance in many countries. In some countries, such as Brazil, it is still prescribed -- often in the form of diet pills (ie. Brazilian Diet Pills) which combine amphetamines, benzodiazepines, antidepressants, diuretics and laxatives. In the United States the sale of such diet pills has been banned due to concerns over side effects, and the risk of potentially fatal overdose.However, internet sales and illicit markets has lead to international availability. It has been found by primary care physicians that Brazilian immigrant women utilized imported diet pills at particularly high rates, and sometimes suffered from side effects requiring hospitalization or experienced a loss of employment. [3]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Phendimetrazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Phendimetrazine is a weight loss medication. Phendimetrazine is chemically related to amphetamines and is a Schedule III drug under the Convention on Psychotropic Substances. In the United States, phendimetrazine is a Schedule III controlled substance under the Uniform Controlled Substances Act of 1970.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of exogenous obesity as a short term adjunct (a few weeks) in a regimen of weight reduction based on caloric restriction.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Atomoxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Atomoxetine is the first non-stimulant drug approved for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). It is sold in the form of the hydrochloride salt of atomoxetine. This chemical is manufactured and marketed under the brand name Strattera; by Eli Lilly and Company and as a generic Attentin by Torrent Pharmaceuticals. There is currently no generic available within the United States due to patent restrictions. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) alone or in combination with behavioral treatment, as an adjunct to psychological, educational, social, and other remedial measures.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lofexidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lofexidine is an alpha2-adrenergic receptor agonist. It can be used as a short acting anti-hypertensive, but is mostly used to help relieve symptoms of heroin or opiate withdrawal in opiate dependency. It is approved in the United Kingdom, but is still undergoing clinical trials in the United States.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in addictions and substance abuse.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dirucotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dirucotide is a synthetic peptide that consists of 17 amino acids linked in a sequence identical to that of a portion of human myelin basic protein (MBP). Dirucotide has been developed for the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS). Developed at the University of Alberta, dirucotide is being investigated by BioMS Medical Corp.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of multiple sclerosis (MS).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium oxybate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium oxybate (Xyrem) is a central nervous system depressant used for the treatment of cataplexy and extreme daytime sleepiness (EDS) associated with narcolepsy. It is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyric acid (GHB) which is an endogenous compound and a metabolite of the neurotransmitter GABA. The exact mechanism of action for treating EDS and cataplexy is not known but is is hypothesised that its therapeutic effects are due to GABA(B) effects on noradrenergic, dopaminaergic and thalamocorticol neurons. The drug follows non-linear pharmacokinetics. As it has been associated with misuse/abuse it is strictly controlled and all patients and prescribers must enroll in the sodium oxybate REMs program in order to gain access to the medication.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in narcolepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alfentanil
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A short-acting opioid anesthetic and analgesic derivative of fentanyl. It produces an early peak analgesic effect and fast recovery of consciousness. Alfentanil is effective as an anesthetic during surgery, for supplementation of analgesia during surgical procedures, and as an analgesic for critically ill patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of postoperative pain and the maintenance of general anesthesia.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  substance P
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Homspera is a generic name used by the Company to describe the synthetic peptide Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P. Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species. All of the Company's research and development efforts are in early, pre-clinical stages and Homspera, also known as Viprovex and Radilex, has only undergone exploratory studies to evaluate its biological activity in small animals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and viral infection.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nafcillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A semi-synthetic antibiotic related to penicillin, Naficillin is a narrow-spectrum beta-lactam antibiotic drug. It is a beta-lactamase-resistant penicillin that is indicated for the treatment of Staphylococcal infections caused by strains that are resistant to other penicillins, except those caused by MRSA. It may be used as a first-line therapy in Methicillin-Sensitive Staphylococcus aureus infections [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of infections caused by penicillinase-producing staphylococci which have demonstrated susceptibility to the drug. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Vancomycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antibacterial obtained from Streptomyces orientalis. It is a glycopeptide related to ristocetin that inhibits bacterial cell wall assembly and is toxic to kidneys and the inner ear.As of January 29 2018, CutisPharma's Firvanq is the only FDA approved vancomycin oral liquid treatment option available for the the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [LP1196]. Such an oral liquid formulation is expected to make Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea therapy more accessible in comparison to previously available specialty compounding products [LP1196].
4. Indication:  A variety of dosage forms (for example, oral, injections, etc.) exist for the treatment of serious or severe infections caused by susceptible strains of methicillin-resistant (beta-lactam-resistant) staphylococci [FDA Label].Additionally, a unique FDA approved oral liquid treatment is also available and indicated for the treatment of Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea and enterocolitis caused by Staphylococcus aureus, including methicillin-resistant strains [9].
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dexmecamylamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dexmecamylamine has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Patients, Depression, Drug Abuse, Pharmacokinetics, and Renal Impairment, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Oxymorphone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic with actions and uses similar to those of morphine, apart from an absence of cough suppressant activity. It is used in the treatment of moderate to severe pain, including pain in obstetrics. It may also be used as an adjunct to anesthesia (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1092). On June 8, 2017, FDA requested Endo Pharmaceuticals to remove the medication from the market due to opioid misuse and abuse risks associated with the product's injectable reformulation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate-to-severe pain.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nalmefene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nalmefene is a 6-methylene analogue of naltrexone and opioid system modulator but with no opioid activity [FDA Label]. It mediates a partial agonist effect on kappa receptors [2]. It is primarily used in the management of alcohol dependence in adult patients in conjunction with continuous psychosocial support focused on treatment adherence and reducing alcohol consumption [4] when it is exists as the hydrochloride dihydrate form under the trade name Selincro. Selincro is orally administered as tablets. Nalmefene works to reduce alcohol consumption in individuals by positive reward effect of alcohol which involves the opioid system, as well as the sedative and dysphoric properties of alcohol [2]. It is also indicated to prevent or reverse the effects of opioids, including respiratory depression, sedation, and hypotension by acting on the opioid receptor as an antagonist [FDA Label] under the trade name Revex for intramuscular, intravenous and subcutaneous injection, where nalmefene hydrochloride is an active ingredient.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the reduction of alcohol consumption in adult patients with alcohol dependence who have a high drinking risk level (DRL), without physical withdrawal symptoms and who do not require immediate detoxification [4].Indicated for the complete or partial reversal of opioid drug effects, including respiratory depression - induced by either natural or synthetic opioids - or in the management of known or suspected opioid overdose [FDA Label].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Methamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Methamphetamine is a psychostimulant and sympathomimetic drug. It is a member of the amphetamine group of sympathomimetic amines. Methamphetamine can induce effects such as euphoria, increased alertness and energy, and enhanced self-esteem. It is a scheduled drug in most countries due to its high potential for addiction and abuse.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity (ADHD) and exogenous obesity.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  N-Acetylglucosamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  The N-acetyl derivative of glucosamine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoarthritis, by itself or in combination with chondroitin sulfate.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Mycophenolate mofetil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Mycophenolate mofetil is the 2-morpholinoethyl ester of mycophenolic acid (MPA), an immunosuppressive agent, inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH) inhibitor.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of organ rejection in patients receiving allogeneic renal, cardiac or hepatic transplants. Mycophenolate mofetil should be used concomitantly with cyclosporine and corticosteroids. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Citicoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Citicoline has been investigated for the treatment, supportive care, and diagnostic of Mania, Stroke, Hypomania, Cocaine Abuse, and Bipolar Disorder, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sufentanil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An opioid analgesic that is used as an adjunct in anesthesia, in balanced anesthesia, and as a primary anesthetic agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as an analgesic adjunct in anesthesia and as a primary anesthetic drug in procedures requiring assisted ventilation and in the relief of pain.
