DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  BF-200 ALA
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  BF-200 ALA is under investigation by Biofrontera which shows positive results from its Phase IIb/III trial. According to Biofrontera, BF-200 ALA was strongly and significantly superior to placebo in the treatment of actinic keratosis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Contulakin-G
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Contulakin-G is a broad spectrum non-opioid analgesic. It is the synthetic form of a natural peptide extracted from the venom of the Conus Geographus sea snail.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Cositecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cositecan is the novel camptothecin derivative which is also known as Karenitecin. It has been developed for superior oral bioavailability and increased lactone stability. It is used to treat cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, lung cancer, and melanoma.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  GPI-0100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GPI-0100 is Avantogen’s lead adjuvanat-immunopotentiator, a key component of vaccines for boosting the immune response.The GPI-0100 adjuvant, which has been shown to significantly enhance the immune response with a variety of vaccines, has been shown to have good overall performance characteristics on safety and efficacy. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, kidney cancer, leukemia (myeloid), melanoma, neuroblastoma, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Aldoxorubicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aldoxorubicin, an antineoplastic agents, is an albumin-binding prodrug of doxorubicin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Delorazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Delorazepam is a benzodiazepine which, like other drugs in its class, possesses anxiolytic, skeletal muscle relaxant, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. It may have adverse effects such as drowsiness, and cognitive impairments such as short term memory impairment. [4] Delorazepam is an active metabolite of the benzodiazepine known as cloxazolam. It is a long acting benzodiazepine which makes it superior in this sense to lorazepam which is short acting. Lorazepam is also a major active metabolite of delorazepam. In addition to be long acting, delorazepam is relatively potent, with 1 mg of delorazepam being the equivalent of 10 mg diazepam. [Wikipedia] It has been approved for marketing in Italy. 
4. Indication:  Mainly used as an anti-anxiety agent. Studies have found delorazepam to be more effective in the first 4 weeks of use than antidepressants; however, after 4 weeks, antidepressants showed superior anti-anxiety effects. [Wikipedia] Anti-anxiety effects also appear to be weaker in elderly patients. [1]Effectiveness has also been observed in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. Delorazapam was reported to be a manageable drug in that it did not exhibit severe side effects and did not require further therapies to control symptoms of withdrawal. [3]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  VTP-201227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VTP-201227 has a novel mechanism of action and is being developed as a topical agent for the treatment of psoriasis with potential extensions into other dermatological indications. It is being developed by Vitae Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fluindione
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fluindione is under investigation for the treatment of Venous Thrombosis, Pulmonary Embolism, Permanent Atrial Fibrillation, and Anticoagulating Treatment on a Duration at Least 12-month-old Superior. Fluindione has been investigated for the treatment of Blood Coagulation Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  TD-2749
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TD-2749 is selective 5-HT4 agonists discovered by Theravance through the application of multivalent drug design in a drug discovery program dedicated to finding new medicines for GI motility disorders such as chronic constipation, constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (C-IBS), opioid-induced constipation, functional dyspepsia and diabetic gastroparesis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), gastroparesis, and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Becocalcidiol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Becocalcidiol is a vitamin D(3) analogue which has not caused hypercalcaemia or significant irritation in preclinical trials.
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  AP5346
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AP5346 is designed to target a diaminocyclohexane platinum (Pt) moiety to tumors through pH-sensitive linkage to a 25 kDa hydroxypropylmethacrylamide polymer. It is being pursued by Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  N-sulfoglucosamine sulfohydrolase recombinant is under investigation for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis III and Sanfilippo Syndrome Type A (MPS IIIA).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Baloxavir marboxil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Baloxavir marboxil is a medication developed by Shionogi Co., a Japanese pharmaceutical company, for treatment of influenza A and influenza B. The drug was approved for use in Japan in February 2018 and is in late phase trials in the United States as of early 2018. Roche, which makes Tamiflu, has acquired the license to sell Xofluza internationally, but it may not be until 2019 that it could be available in the United States [7]. Interestingly, a study has determined that administering Baloxavir marboxil with neuraminidase inhibitors leads to a synergistic effect in influenza treatment [6].
4. Indication:  Influenza A and B virus infection [1, 2].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  SR 121463
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SR 121463 is a nonpeptide aquaretic compound with potent selective antagonism of the vasopressin V2 (V1b) receptor subtype. It is a candidate for control of hyponatremia and in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, in the treatment of syndrome of inappropriate secretion of anti-diuretic hormone (SIADH) and in hyponatremia. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Vadastuximab Talirine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vadastuximab Talirine has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acute myeloid leukemia, Myelodysplastic Syndrome, Acute Myelogenous Leukemia, and Acute Promyelocytic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  DDP733
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DDP733 is an oral prokinetic drug which Dynogen is developing as a treatment for both Irritable Bowel Syndrome with constipation (IBS-c) and nocturnal gastroesophageal reflux disease (NGERD). It is a partial agonist of the serotonin type 3 receptor (5-HT3). Serotonin is a neurotransmitter that is known to be involved in the control of the gastrointestinal (GI) system. Preclinical studies of DDP733 established the compound’s prokinetic properties (the ability to promote the motility of the GI tract).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), gastrointestinal diseases and disorders (miscellaneous), and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Varlitinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Varlitinib is an oral, selective, reversible, small molecule tyrosine kinase inhibitor of both ErbB-2 (Her-2/neu) and EGFR. Over-expression of ErbB-2 and EGFR receptors in tumors is predictive of poor prognosis in cancer patients. Varlitinib has shown significant anti-tumor activity in preclinical models of human breast, lung, and epidermal carcinoma tumors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  AP5280
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AP5280 is a novel N-(2-hydroxypropyl)methacrylamide (HPMA) copolymer-bound platinum (Pt) therapeutic designed to increase the therapeutic index relative to conventional, small-molecule platinum agents.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
