DrugId:  1
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Varespladib methyl
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Varespladib methyl has been investigated for the treatment of Acute Coronary Syndrome. Studies showed that Varespladib methyl treatment resulted in significant positive changes on lipoproteins and inflammation.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Halcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Halcinonide is a corticosteroid indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses, and is distributed as a cream and ointment. Halcinonide is marketed under the brand name Halog® by Ranbaxy Laboratories Inc. Research suggests that clobetasol propionate demonstrates superior pharmacologic efficacy in the treatment of psoriasis when compared to halcinonide. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Atopaxar
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Atopaxar has been investigated for the treatment of Coronary Artery Disease and Acute Coronary Syndrome.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rosuvastatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rosuvastatin is an antilipemic agent that competitively inhibits hydroxymethylglutaryl-coenzyme A (HMG-CoA) reductase. HMG-CoA reducuase catalyzes the conversion of HMG-CoA to mevalonic acid, the rate-limiting step in cholesterol biosynthesis. Rosuvastatin belongs to a class of medications called statins and is used to reduce plasma cholesterol levels and prevent cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Used as an adjunct to dietary therapy to treat primary hyperlipidemia (heterozygous familial and nonfamilial), mixed dyslipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia. Also indicated for homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia as an adjunct to other lipid-lowering therapies or when other such therapies are not available. Furthermore, it is used to slow the progression of atherosclerosis and for primary prevention of cardiovascular disease. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  BF-200 ALA
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  BF-200 ALA is under investigation by Biofrontera which shows positive results from its Phase IIb/III trial. According to Biofrontera, BF-200 ALA was strongly and significantly superior to placebo in the treatment of actinic keratosis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in actinic keratosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tirofiban
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tirofiban prevents the blood from clotting during episodes of chest pain or a heart attack, or while the patient is undergoing a procedure to treat a blocked coronary artery. It is a non-peptide reversible antagonist of the platelet glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor, and inhibits platelet aggregation.
4. Indication:  For treatment, in combination with heparin, of acute coronary syndrome, including patients who are to be managed medically and those undergoing PTCA or atherectomy.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Contulakin-G
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Contulakin-G is a broad spectrum non-opioid analgesic. It is the synthetic form of a natural peptide extracted from the venom of the Conus Geographus sea snail.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Celiprolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. It has a unique pharmacology: it is a selective β1 receptor antagonist, but a β2 receptor partial agonist. It is also a weak α2 receptor antagonist. In 2010 a clinical trial has suggested a use for this medication in the prevention of vascular complications of a rare inherited disease called vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome. This study demonstrated decreased incidence of arterial rupture or dissection (a specific type of arterial rupture in which the layers of the vessel separate prior to complete failure of the artery wall). Celiprolol is not approved for use by the FDA in the treatment of vascular Ehlers–Danlos syndrome.
4. Indication:  Celiprolol is indicated for the management of mild to moderate hypertension and effort-induced angina pectoris. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cositecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cositecan is the novel camptothecin derivative which is also known as Karenitecin. It has been developed for superior oral bioavailability and increased lactone stability. It is used to treat cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, lung cancer, and melanoma.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pegnivacogin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Oxamniquine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic with schistosomicidal activity against Schistosoma mansoni, but not against other Schistosoma spp. Oxamniquine causes worms to shift from the mesenteric veins to the liver where the male worms are retained; the female worms return to the mesentery, but can no longer release eggs. (From Martidale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 31st ed, p121)
4. Indication:  For treatment of Schistosomiasis caused by Schistosoma mansoni
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Adomiparin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Moxonidine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Moxonidine is a new-generation centrally acting antihypertensive drug approved for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may have a role when thiazides, beta-blockers, ACE inhibitors and calcium channel blockers are not appropriate or have failed to control blood pressure. In addition, it demonstrates favourable effects on parameters of the insulin resistance syndrome, apparently independent of blood pressure reduction.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate essential or primary hypertension [7]. Effective as most first-line antihypertensives when used as monotherapy [2].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  KAI-1455
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KAI-1455 is a selective epsilon protein kinase C (εPKC) activator designed to reduce ischemic organ injury during procedures where blood supply may be compromised, such as coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), congenital cardiac defect repair, and hip replacement and may protect against renal injury associated with contrast media. Several studies have demonstrated that epsilon PKC plays a key role in cytoprotection during periods of ischemia. In preclinical studies, KAI-1455 showed a dramatic reduction in infarct size when delivered prior to the ischemic insult.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ischemic reperfusion injury.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Fibroblast growth factor-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  GPI-0100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GPI-0100 is Avantogen’s lead adjuvanat-immunopotentiator, a key component of vaccines for boosting the immune response.The GPI-0100 adjuvant, which has been shown to significantly enhance the immune response with a variety of vaccines, has been shown to have good overall performance characteristics on safety and efficacy. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, kidney cancer, leukemia (myeloid), melanoma, neuroblastoma, ovarian cancer, and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Aldoxorubicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aldoxorubicin, an antineoplastic agents, is an albumin-binding prodrug of doxorubicin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Delorazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational
3. Description:  Delorazepam is a benzodiazepine which, like other drugs in its class, possesses anxiolytic, skeletal muscle relaxant, hypnotic and anticonvulsant properties. It may have adverse effects such as drowsiness, and cognitive impairments such as short term memory impairment. [4] Delorazepam is an active metabolite of the benzodiazepine known as cloxazolam. It is a long acting benzodiazepine which makes it superior in this sense to lorazepam which is short acting. Lorazepam is also a major active metabolite of delorazepam. In addition to be long acting, delorazepam is relatively potent, with 1 mg of delorazepam being the equivalent of 10 mg diazepam. [Wikipedia] It has been approved for marketing in Italy. 
4. Indication:  Mainly used as an anti-anxiety agent. Studies have found delorazepam to be more effective in the first 4 weeks of use than antidepressants; however, after 4 weeks, antidepressants showed superior anti-anxiety effects. [Wikipedia] Anti-anxiety effects also appear to be weaker in elderly patients. [1]Effectiveness has also been observed in the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. Delorazapam was reported to be a manageable drug in that it did not exhibit severe side effects and did not require further therapies to control symptoms of withdrawal. [3]
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Heparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.
4. Indication:  Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Warfarin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Warfarin is an anticoagulant drug normally used to prevent blood clot formation as well as migration. Although originally marketed as a pesticide (d-Con, Rodex, among others), Warfarin has since become the most frequently prescribed oral anticoagulant in North America. Warfarin has several properties that should be noted when used medicinally, including its ability to cross the placental barrier during pregnancy which can result in fetal bleeding, spontaneous abortion, preterm birth, stillbirth, and neonatal death. Additional adverse effects such as necrosis, purple toe syndrome, osteoporosis, valve and artery calcification, and drug interactions have also been documented with warfarin use. Warfarin does not actually affect blood viscosity, rather, it inhibits vitamin-k dependent synthesis of biologically active forms of various clotting factors in addition to several regulatory factors.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of retinal vascular occlusion, pulmonary embolism, cardiomyopathy, atrial fibrillation and flutter, cerebral embolism, transient cerebral ischaemia, arterial embolism and thrombosis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Diflunisal
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diflunisal, a salicylate derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with pharmacologic actions similar to other prototypical NSAIAs. Diflunisal possesses anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic activity. Though its mechanism of action has not been clearly established, most of its actions appear to be associated with inhibition of prostaglandin synthesis via the arachidonic acid pathway. Diflunisal is used to relieve pain accompanied with inflammation and in the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. musculoskeletal trauma, post-dental extraction, post-episiotomy), osteoarthritis, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Prasugrel
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prasugrel, a thienopyridine derivative, is a platelet activation and aggregation inhibitor structurally and pharmacologically related to clopidogrel and ticlopidine. Similar to clopidogrel, prasugrel is a prodrug that requires enzymatic transformation in the liver to its active metabolite, R-138727. R-138727 irreversibly binds to P2Y12 type ADP receptors on platelets thus preventing activation of the GPIIb/IIIa receptor complex. As a result, inhibition of ADP-mediated platelet activation and aggregation occurs. Prasugrel was developed by Daiichi Sankyo Co. and is currently marketed in the United States and Canada in cooperation with Eli Lilly and Company for acute coronary syndromes planned for percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). FDA approved in 2009. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) to prevent atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) who are to be managed with percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). May be used in patients with unstable angina (UA), non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI), ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) who are to be managed with PCI. Prasugrel is not recommended in patients 75 years of age or greater, those that weigh<60kg, and patients with a history of stroke or transient ischemic attack due to increased risk of fatal and intracranial bleeding. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  VTP-201227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VTP-201227 has a novel mechanism of action and is being developed as a topical agent for the treatment of psoriasis with potential extensions into other dermatological indications. It is being developed by Vitae Pharmaceuticals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
