DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  2-octyl cyanoacrylate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dermabond has been investigated for the basic science of Wound Healing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AFN-1252
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AFN-1252 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cellulitis, Burn Infection, Wound Infection, Cutaneous Abscess, and Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Bacterial Infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Povidone-iodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Povidone-iodine is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis. This unique complex was discovered in 1955 at the Industrial Toxicology Laboratories in Philadelphia by H. A. Shelanski and M. V. Shelanski. They carried out tests in vitro to demonstrate anti-bacterial activity, and found that the complex was less toxic in mice than tincture of iodine. Human clinical trials showed the product to be superior to other iodine formulations. Povidone-iodine was immediately marketed, and has since become the universally preferred iodine antiseptic.
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment and prevention of infection in wounds.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Iodine povacrylex
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iodine povacrylex (DuraPrep) is a surgical solution, film-forming iodophor complex that provides fast acting, persistent, broad-spectrum antimicrobial activity. DuraPrep solution is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteriathat can potentially cause skin infection.It is broad spectrum antispectic and can provide almost 99.9% antispectic conditions.It is intended for local use only. Prolonged skin exposure could cause skin defatting manifested by the following signs/symptoms; localized redness, itching, drying and cracking of skin.
4. Indication:  Antispetic and germicidal agent. It is indicated for use as a patient preoperative skin preparation, for the preparation of the skin prior to surgery and to help reduce bacteria that can potentially cause skin infection.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Riboprine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ipa has been used in trials studying the treatment of Nausea and Surgical Site Infection.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  substance P
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Homspera is a generic name used by the Company to describe the synthetic peptide Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P. Sar9, Met (O2)11-Substance P is an analog of the naturally occurring human neuropeptide Substance P, which can be found throughout the body, including in the airways of humans and many other species. All of the Company's research and development efforts are in early, pre-clinical stages and Homspera, also known as Viprovex and Radilex, has only undergone exploratory studies to evaluate its biological activity in small animals.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and viral infection.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Benzethonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzethonium is a synthetic quaternary ammonium salt with surfactant, antiseptic, and broad spectrum antimicrobial properties. Its salt form, benzethonium chloride, is primarily used as a skin disinfectant at concentrations of 0.1-0.2 %, which are safe and effective concentrations for the compound specified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). It is additionally found in cosmetics and toiletries such as mouthwashes and anti-itch ointments. It is shown to be effective in mediating its antimicrobial action against bacteria, fungi, mold and viruses. There is evidence that benzethonium acts as a spermatocide but may cause vaginal irritation [2]. Benzethonium was identified as a novel cancer-specific compound by cell-based small-molecule screen [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated as an antiseptic agent. No therapeutic indications for clinical use. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Carbazochrome
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Carbazochrome is a hemostatic agent that causes the aggregation and adhesion of platelets in the blood to form a platelet plug, ceasing blood flow from an open wound. It is an oxidation product of adrenaline which enhances the microcirculatory tone [4]. It is hoped that this drug can be used in the future for preventing excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on its effectiveness and the severity of possible side effects remains to be fairly inconclusive. It is not FDA-approved but is available as tablets or IM/SC injections in the treatment of hemorrhages in a number of countries.Carbazochrome has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-surgical acute uncomplicated hemorrhoids in a mixture with Troxerutin, and this combination therapy demonstrated efficacy and safe tolerability either at a local or systemic level [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for capillary and parenchymal hemorrhage (trauma, tonsillectomy, during surgery), intestinal bleeding, and thrombocytopenic purpura.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Hexachlorophene
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A chlorinated bisphenol antiseptic with a bacteriostatic action against Gram-positive organisms, but much less effective against Gram-negative organisms. It is mainly used in soaps and creams and is an ingredient of various preparations used for skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p797)
4. Indication:  For use as a surgical scrub and a bacteriostatic skin cleanser. It may also be used to control an outbreak of gram-positive infection where other infection control procedures have been unsuccessful.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Mupirocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Mupirocin (pseudomonic acid A, or Bactroban or Centany) is an antibiotic originally isolated from Pseudomonas fluorescens. It is used topically, and is primarily effective against Gram-positive bacteria. Mupirocin is bacteriostatic at low concentrations and bactericidal at high concentrations.Mupirocin has a unique mechanism of action, which is selective binding to bacterial isoleucyl-tRNA synthetase, which halts the incorporation of isoleucine into bacterial proteins. Because this mechanism of action is not shared with any other antibiotic, mupirocin has few problems of antibiotic cross-resistance.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Staphylococci nasal carriers.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Hyaluronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.
4. Indication:  Used to treat knee pain in patients with joint inflammation (osteoarthritis). It is usually used in patients who have not responded to other treatments such as acetaminophen, exercise, or physical therapy. Hyaluronic acid may also be used in plastic surgery to reduce wrinkles on the face or as a filler in other parts of the body. May be used in ophthalmology to assist in the extraction of cataracts, the implantation of intraocular lenses, corneal transplants, glaucoma filtration, retinal attachment and in the treatment of dry eyes. Finally, hyaluronic acid is also used to coat the bladder lining in treating interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Karaya gum
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Karaya gum allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Evernimicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bacterial infection.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Mannose 6-phosphate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mannose 6-phosphate has been used in trials studying the treatment of Wound, Cicatrix, Wound-healing, and Re-epithelialisation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Vibriolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vibriolysin is a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the marine microorganism Vibrio proteolyticus. It is a new agent for enzymatic debridement, shown to rapidly and thoroughly hydrolyze burn wound eschar within full-thickness wounds.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Acrylic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A α,β-unsaturated monocarboxylic acid that is ethene substituted by a carboxy group.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Enbucrilate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Enbucrilate is under investigation in clinical trial NCT02468206 (Secondary Prophylaxis of Gastric Variceal Bleed).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Rusalatide acetate
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Chrysalin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Radius Fracture.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  BG-777
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BG-777 is an immunomodulator with proven efficacy against viral and bacterial infections in preclinical studies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis, HIV infection, influenza, and pneumonia.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Chloroxylenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chloroxylenol, also known as para-chloro-meta-xylenol (PCMX), is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent used for skin disinfection and cleaning surgical instruments. It is also commonly used in antibacterial soaps, wound-cleansing applications and household antiseptics. The halophenol is shown to be most effective against Gram positive bacteria where it disrupts the cell wall due to its phenolic nature [1]. Chloroxylenol is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, the most effective and safe medicines needed in a health system.
4. Indication:  The predominant medical applications for which chloroxylenol is formally indicated for therapeutic use is as an application to the skin for use in cuts, bites, stings, abrasions, and for use as antiseptic hand cleaner [7].
