DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Calcium glubionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium glubionate (or glubionate calcium) is a mineral supplement to prevent or treat low blood calcium levels in people who do not get enough calcium from their diets.
4. Indication:  Calcium glubionate is indicated to treat conditions caused by low calcium levels such as bone loss (osteoporosis), weak bones (osteomalacia/rickets), decreased activity of the parathyroid gland (hypoparathyroidism), and a certain muscle disease (latent tetany). It may also be used in certain patients to make sure they are getting enough calcium (e.g., women who are pregnant, nursing, or postmenopausal, people taking certain medications such as phenytoin, phenobarbital, or prednisone).
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Benzathine benzylpenicillin is a form of penicillin also known as benzathine penicillin. It is an B-lactam antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. These include This includes; syphilis, necrotizing enterocolitis, diphtheria, gas gangrene, leptospirosis, cellulitis, pneumonia, strep throat and tetanus.Side effects include diarrhea, seizures, and allergic reactions including anaphylaxis. Benzathine benzylpenicllin is considered long acting B-lactam antibiotic.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of several infections include: acute glomerulonephritis, respiratory tract infections, rheumatic fever and chorea, rheumatic heart disease, rheumatic heart disease, syphilis and other venereal diseases.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Procaine benzylpenicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Procaine benzylpenicillin (INN), also known as procaine G penicillin, is an antibiotic useful for the treatment of a number of bacterial infections. It is a poorly soluble salt form of penicillin which is a combination of naturally occuring benzylpenicillin (penicillin G) and the local anaesthetic agent procaine in equimolar amounts. Following deep intramuscular injection, it is slowly absorbed into the circulation and hydrolysed to benzylpenicillin — thus it is used where prolonged low concentrations of benzylpenicillin are required. This combination is aimed at reducing the pain and discomfort associated with a large intramuscular injection of penicillin. It is widely used in veterinary settings. Benzylpenicillin is active against a wide range of organisms and is the drug of first choice for many infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a number of bacterial infections such as syphilis, anthrax, mouth infections, pneumonia and diphtheria. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sildenafil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sildenafil is a vasoactive agent used to treat erectile dysfunction and reduce symptoms in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). Sildenafil elevates levels of the second messenger, cGMP, by inhibiting its breakdown via phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5). PDE5 is found in particularly high concentrations in the corpus cavernosum, erectile tissue of the penis. It is also found in the retina and vascular endothelium. Increased cGMP results in vasodilation which facilitates generation and maintenance of an erection. The vasodilatory effects of sildenafil also help reduce symptoms of PAH.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of erectile dysfunction and to relieve symptoms of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Myrrh
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Extractives and their physically modified derivatives such as tinctures, concretes, absolutes, essential oils, oleoresins, terpenes, terpene-free fractions, distillates, residues, obtained from Commiphora abyssinica, Burseraceae.
4. Indication:  FDA approved only for use in food. Historically used for indigestion, ulcers, colds, cough, asthma, bronchial congestion, arthritic pain, cancer, leprosy, and syphilis. It is also used orally as a stimulant, antispasmodic, and to increase menstrual flow. Topically, myrrh is used for mild inflammation of the oral and pharyngeal mucosa, aphthous ulcers, gingivitis, chapped lips, hemorrhoids, bedsores, wounds, abrasions, furunculosis, bad breath, and loose teeth. In foods and beverages, myrrh is used as a flavoring component. In manufacturing, myrrh is used as a fragrance and fixative in cosmetics. It is also used in embalming and as incense. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tofacitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tofacitinib is an inhibitor of Janus kinases, a group of intracellular enzymes involved in signalling pathways that affect hematopoiesis and immune cell function. It is approved by the FDA for treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis that responds inadequately to methotrexate or in those who are intolerant to methotrexate.Besides rheumatoid arthritis, tofacitinib has also been studied in clinical trials for the prevention of organ transplant rejection, and is currently under investigation for the treatment of psoriasis. Known adverse effects include nausea and headache as well as more serious immunologic and hematological adverse effects. Tofacitinib is marketed under the brand name Xeljanz by Pfizer.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis which is resistant or intolerant to methotrexate therapy. It may also be used as an adjunct to methotrexate therapy, or other non-biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (DMARDS), when methotrexate alone is not sufficient. Tofacitinib has also been investigated as a preventative therapy for kidney transplant rejections, and as a treatment for psoriasis, ulcerative colitis, and ankylosing spondylitis. It is not to be initiated in patients with a history of chronic or recurrent infections, or in the presence of active infection, even if localized, due to reports of serious and sometimes fatal infections (commonly pneumonia, herpes zoster and urinary tract infections). Use of tofacitinib is also discouraged in those who have been, or are likely to be, exposed to TB. An increased likelihood of exposure may be encountered by traveling to certain areas. In addition, tofacitinib is not to be used in patients with severe hepatic impairment, or low hemoglobin (less than 9g/dL). Cautioned is advised when using tofacitinib in patients at risk of gastrointestinal perforation, and in the elderly who are more susceptible to infection. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Fomivirsen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [6]. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis Pharmaceuticals, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis [3]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the local treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), when other therapy has been ineffective or is considered unsuitable [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Voretigene Neparvovec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[6] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[1] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of rep and cap and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[2] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[7]
4. Indication:  VN-rzyl is indicated for the treatment of children and adult patients with confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutation-associated retinal dystrophy. The administration of VN-rzyl is conditioned to the physician determination of the presence of viable retinal cells.[FDA Label] The RPE65 represents the LCA2 form of the Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA). LCA is a group of inherited conditionts that involves retinal degeneration and severe vision loss in early childhood leading to total blindness by 30-40 years old. The LCA2 form is associated with a mutation that interferes with the isomerohydrolase activity of the retinal pigment epithelium. The isomerohydrolase activity transforms the trans-retinyl esters to 11-cis-retinal which is the natural ligand and chromophore of the opsins of rod and cones photoreceptors. In the presence of RPE65 mutations, the opsins cannot capture light or transduce it into electrical responses to initiate vision.[3]
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Erythromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus). It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 50S ribosomal subunits; binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. Erythromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms in the following diseases: respiratory tract infections (upper and lower) of mild to moderate degree, pertussis (whooping cough), as adjunct to antitoxin in infections due to Corynebacterium diphtheriae, in the treatment of infections due to Corynebacterium minutissimum, intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica, acute pelvic inflammatory disease caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae, skin and soft tissue infections of mild to moderate severity caused by Streptococcus pyogenes and Staphylococcus aureus, primary syphilis caused by Treponema pallidum, infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis, nongonococcal urethritis caused by Ureaplasma urealyticum, and Legionnaires' disease caused by Legionella pneumophila.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Valproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valproic acid, supplied as the sodium salt valproate semisodium or divalproex sodium, is a fatty acid with anticonvulsant properties used in the treatment of epilepsy. The mechanisms of its therapeutic actions are not well understood. It may act by increasing gamma-aminobutyric acid levels in the brain or by altering the properties of voltage dependent sodium channels. Typically supplied in the sodium salt form (CAS number: 76584-70-8). Valproic Acid is also a histone deacetylase inhibitor and is under investigation for treatment of HIV and various cancers.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of seizure disorders, mania, and prophylactic treatment of migraine headache. In epileptics, valproic acid is used to control absence seizures, tonic-clonic seizures (grand mal), complex partial seizures, and the seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Povidone-iodine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Povidone-iodine is a stable chemical complex of polyvinylpyrrolidone (povidone, PVP) and elemental iodine. It contains from 9.0% to 12.0% available iodine, calculated on a dry basis. This unique complex was discovered in 1955 at the Industrial Toxicology Laboratories in Philadelphia by H. A. Shelanski and M. V. Shelanski. They carried out tests in vitro to demonstrate anti-bacterial activity, and found that the complex was less toxic in mice than tincture of iodine. Human clinical trials showed the product to be superior to other iodine formulations. Povidone-iodine was immediately marketed, and has since become the universally preferred iodine antiseptic.
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment and prevention of infection in wounds.
