DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Chlorphenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rhinitis, urticaria, allergy, common cold, asthma and hay fever.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Gallamine Triethiodide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic nondepolarizing blocking drug. The actions of gallamine triethiodide are similar to those of tubocurarine, but this agent blocks the cardiac vagus and may cause sinus tachycardia and, occasionally, hypertension and increased cardiac output. It should be used cautiously in patients at risk from increased heart rate but may be preferred for patients with bradycardia. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1992, p198)
4. Indication:  For use as adjuncts to anesthesia to induce skeletal muscle relaxation and to facilitate the management of patients undergoing mechanical ventilation
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Tecadenoson
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tecadenoson is a novel selective A1 adenosine receptor agonist that is currently being evaluated for the conversion of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) to sinus rhythm. It is being developed by CV Therapeutics, Inc.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in arrhythmia and atrial fibrillation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dexbrompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexbrompheniramine maleate is an antihistamine used to treat allergic conditions such as hay fever or urticaria.
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of symptoms of allergies, hay fever, and colds
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Phenylpropanolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Phenylpropanolamine has been withdrawn in Canada and the United States. In November 2000, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) issued a public health advisory against the use of the drug.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, control of urinary incontinence, priapism and obesity.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Thiothixene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thioxanthine used as an antipsychotic agent. Its effects are similar to the phenothiazine antipsychotics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the management of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Pipotiazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pipotiazine has actions similar to those of other phenothiazines. Among the different phenothiazine derivatives, it appears to be less sedating and to have a weak propensity for causing hypotension or potentiating the effects of CNS depressants and anesthetics. However, it produces a high incidence of extra pyramidal reactions. It is used for the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients. Symptoms of overdose include severe extrapyramidal manifestations, hypotension, lethargy and sedation.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of chronic non-agitated schizophrenic patients.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Thioproperazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thioproperazine is a potent neuroleptic with antipsychotic properties. Thioproperazine has a marked cataleptic and antiapomorphine activity associated with relatively slight sedative, hypothermic and spasmolytic effects. It is virtually without antiserotonin and hypotensive action and has no antihistaminic property. It is used for the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.Overdosage may result in severe extrapyramidal symptoms with dysphagia, marked sialorrhea, persistent and rapidly increasing hyperthermia, pulmonary syndrome, state of shock with pallor and profuse sweating, which may be followed by collapse and coma. LD50 in mice is 70 mg/kg I.V., 120 mg/kg I.P., 500 mg/kg S.C. and 830 mg/kg P.O.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of acute and chronic schizophrenia, including those which did not respond to the usual neuroleptics; manic syndromes.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Acepromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Acepromazine is one of the phenothiazine derivative psychotropic drugs, used little in humans, however frequently in animals as a sedative and antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Acepromazine was first used in humans in the 1950s as an antipsychotic agent. It is now rarely used in humans. Acepromazine is frequently used in animals as a sedative and antiemetic. Its principal value is in quietening and calming anxious animals.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pseudoephedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist that may also enhance release of norepinephrine. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including asthma, heart failure, rhinitis, and urinary incontinence, and for its central nervous system stimulatory effects in the treatment of narcolepsy and depression. It has become less extensively used with the advent of more selective agonists.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Barnidipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Barnidipine is a long-acting novel calcium antagonist that belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) group of calcium channel blockers. Used in the treatment of hypertension, barnidipine displays high affinity for the calcium channels of the smooth muscle cells in the vascular wall [6] and selectivity against cardiovascular L-type calcium channels [1]. Barnidipine contains two chiral centres thus can have four possible enantiomers. The active component is composed of a single optical isomer (3'S, 4S configuration), which is the most potent and longest-acting of the four enantiomers [3]. Compared to several other calcium antagonists which are racemates, the barnidipine compound consisting of a single enantiomer may offer a high degree of pharmacological selectivity [3].According to a dose-ranging, multicentre, placebo-controlled, double-blind study in patients with mild to moderate hypertension, the antihypertensive response from barnidipine treatment was maintained after a 1-year and 2-year follow-up period in 91% of the patients who had an initial response to the drug [1]. In two European multicentre randomized, double-blind trials, barnidipine was shown to possess equivalent antihypertensive efficacy to amlodipine and nitrendipine, but produced fewer class-specific side-effects [4]. It also demonstrated clinical efficacy which is similar to that of atenolol, enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide [1]. It is available in modified-release oral tablets under the brand name Vasexten to be taken once daily in the morning. Barnidipine has a gradual onset of action and is shown to be well tolerated in patients. It does not produce reflex tachycardia [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension and management of chronic stable angina.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Regadenoson
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Regadenoson is an A2A adenosine receptor agonist that causes coronary vasodilation and used for myocardial perfusion imagining. Manufactured by Astellas and FDA approved April 10, 2008. 
4. Indication:  Diagnostic agent for radionuclide myocardial perfusion imaging (MPI) 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Chlorpromazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  The prototypical phenothiazine antipsychotic drug. Like the other drugs in this class, chlorpromazine's antipsychotic actions are thought to be due to long-term adaptation by the brain to blocking dopamine receptors. Chlorpromazine has several other actions and therapeutic uses, including as an antiemetic and in the treatment of intractable hiccup.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia; to control nausea and vomiting; for relief of restlessness and apprehension before surgery; for acute intermittent porphyria; as an adjunct in the treatment of tetanus; to control the manifestations of the manic type of manic-depressive illness; for relief of intractable hiccups; for the treatment of severe behavioral problems in children (1 to 12 years of age) marked by combativeness and/or explosive hyperexcitable behavior (out of proportion to immediate provocations), and in the short-term treatment of hyperactive children who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders consisting of some or all of the following symptoms: impulsivity, difficulty sustaining attention, aggressivity, mood lability, and poor frustration tolerance.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Oxymetazoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A direct acting sympathomimetic used as a vasoconstrictor to relieve nasal congestion. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p1251)
4. Indication:  For treatment of nasal congestion and redness associated with minor irritations of the eye
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Loratadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loratadine is a derivative of azatadine and a second-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and urticaria. Unlike most classical antihistamines (histamine H1 antagonists) it lacks central nervous system depressing effects such as drowsiness. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A self-medication that is used alone or in combination with pseudoephedrine sulfate for the symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Also used for the symptomatic relief of pruritus, erythema, and urticaria associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria in patients (not for children under 6 unless directed by a clincian).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Digoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Guaifenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Esmolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Esmolol (trade name Brevibloc) is a cardioselective beta1 receptor blocker with rapid onset, a very short duration of action, and no significant intrinsic sympathomimetic or membrane stabilizing activity at therapeutic dosages.Esmolol decreases the force and rate of heart contractions by blocking beta-adrenergic receptors of the sympathetic nervous system, which are found in the heart and other organs of the body. Esmolol prevents the action of two naturally occurring substances: epinephrine and norepinephrine.
4. Indication:  For the rapid control of ventricular rate in patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter in perioperative, postoperative, or other emergent circumstances where short term control of ventricular rate with a short-acting agent is desirable. Also used in noncompensatory sinus tachycardia where the rapid heart rate requires specific intervention.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Escitalopram
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Escitalopram, the S-enantiomer of citalopram, belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Despite distinct structural differences between compounds in this class, SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be required before a clinical effect is seen. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of neuronal serotonin reuptake. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute use, SSRIs block serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The overall clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Escitalopram may be used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD).
4. Indication:  Labeled indications include major depressive disorder (MDD) and generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Unlabeled indications include treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Isradipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Isradipine belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) class of calcium channel blockers (CCBs), the most widely used class of CCBs. It is structurally related to felodipine, nifedipine, and nimodipine and is the most potent calcium-channel blocking agent of the DHP class. Isradipine binds to calcium channels with high affinity and specificity and inhibits calcium flux into cardiac and arterial smooth muscle cells. It exhibits greater selectivity towards arterial smooth muscle cells owing to alternative splicing of the alpha-1 subunit of the channel and increased prevalence of inactive channels in smooth muscle cells. Isradipine may be used to treat mild to moderate essential hypertension. 
4. Indication:  For the management of mild to moderate essential hypertension. It may be used alone or concurrently with thiazide-type diuretics.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ibuprofen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibuprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a prototypical nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with analgesic and antipyretic properties.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, juvenile rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. May be used to treat mild to moderate pain and for the management of dysmenorrhea. May be used to reduce fever. Has been used with some success for treating ankylosing spondylitis, gout and psoriatic arthritis. May reduce pain, fever and inflammation of pericarditis. May be used IV with opiates to relieve moderate to severe pain. Ibuprofen lysine may be used IV to treat patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) in premature neonates. 
