DrugId:  1
1. Name:  7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  7-ethyl-10-hydroxycamptothecin (SN 38) is a liposomal formulation of the active metabolite of Irinotecan Irinotecan, a chemotherapeutic pro-drug approved for the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer. SN 38 has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Advanced Solid Tumors, Small Cell Lung Cancer, Metastatic Colorectal Cancer, and Triple Negative Breast Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Daprodustat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Daprodustat has been used in trials studying the other, treatment, and basic science of Anaemia, Wound Healing, Tendon Injuries, Surgical Procedures, and Vascular Disease, Peripheral.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Doxapram
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A central respiratory stimulant with a brief duration of action. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmocopoeia, 30th ed, p1225)
4. Indication:  For use as a temporary measure in hospitalized patients with acute respiratory insufficiency superimposed on chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Delafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Delafloxacin is a fluoroquinolone antibiotic which has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Gonorrhea, Hepatic Impairment, Bacterial Skin Diseases, Skin Structure Infections, and Community Acquired Pneumonia, among others. It was approved in June 2017 under the trade name Baxdela for use in the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections.
4. Indication:  Delafloxacin is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections caused by the Gram-positive organisms Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-resistant and methicillin-susceptible isolates), Staphylococcus haemolyticus, Staphylococcus lugdunensis, Streptococcus agalactiae, Streptococcus anginosus Group (including Streptococcus anginosus, Streptococcus intermedius, and Streptococcus constellatus), Streptococcus pyogenes, and Enterococcus faecalis as well as the Gram-negative organisms Escherichia coli, Enterobacter cloacae, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Camphor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A bicyclic monoterpene ketone found widely in plants, especially cinnamomum camphora. It is used topically as a skin antipruritic and as an anti-infective agent.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Magnesium hydroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Magnesium hydroxide is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Mg(OH)2. It is naturally found as the mineral brucite. Magnesium hydroxide can be used an antacid or a laxative in either an oral liquid suspension or chewable tablet form.Additionally, magnesium hydroxide has smoke supressing and flame retardant properties and is thus used commercially as a fire retardant.It can also be used topically as an antiperspirant underarm deodorant or for relief of canker sores (aphthous ulcers).
4. Indication:  Magnesium hydroxide can be used as an antacid or a laxative depending on the administered dose.As an antacid, it is used for the temporary relief of heartburn, upset stomach, sour stomach or acid indigestion.As a laxative, it is used for the relief of occasional constipation by promoting bowel movements for 30 minutes and up to 6 hours.
