DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Clostridium tetani toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clostridium tetani toxoid antigen (formaldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine for intramuscular injection. It is used for active immunization of children 7 years of age or older, and adults, for prevention of tetanus. The toxoid in the Clostridium tetani culture is grown and detoxified followed by purification via ammonium sulfate filtration and precipation.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tetanus Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetanus Immune Globulin is manufactured from human plasma [FDA Label]. It contains antibodies against tetanus toxoid and is primarily used as prophylaxis against tetanus in wounded patients.
4. Indication:  For use as prophylaxis against tetanus in patients who are injured and have incomplete of uncertain immunization statu [FDA Label]. May also be used in the treatment of active tetanus.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20752 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is an active immunization as a booster dose given intramuscularly to pediatric patients who have received a primary series with a Haemophilus b Conjugate Vaccine that is licensed for primarly immunization. The vaccine contains Haemophilus b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate [PRP]), which is a high molecular weight polymer prepared from the Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 20,752. These are heat inactivated and purified.
4. Indication:  Indicated for active immunization in pediatric patients 15 months through 4 years of age as a booster dose for the prevention of invasive disease caused by Haemophilus influenzae type b. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Haemophilus influenzae type b strain 1482 capsular polysaccharide tetanus toxoid conjugate antigen is a vaccine for intramuscular injection used in the prevention of invasive disease caused by Haemophilus influenzae type b. H. influenzae is a Gram-negative coccobacillus that can cause infections including sepsis and meningitis. The vaccine contains the Haemophilus influenzae type b capsular polysaccharide (polyribosyl-ribitol-phosphate, PRP), a high-molecular-weight polymer prepared from the H. influenzae type b strain 1482 grown in a semi-synthetic medium, covalently bound to tetanus toxoid [1]. The toxoid antigen is purified and toxin-inactivated.
4. Indication:  Not Available
