DrugId:  1
1. Name:  XL019
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  XL019 is a selective inhibitor of the cytoplasmic tyrosine kinase JAK2. An IND for XL019 was filed by Exelixis in May 2007.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various forms of cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Anagrelide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anagrelide is a drug used for the treatment of essential thrombocytosis (ET; essential thrombocythemia). It also has been used in the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with thrombocythemia, secondary to myeloproliferative disorders, to reduce the elevated platelet count and the risk of thrombosis and to ameliorate associated symptoms including thrombo-hemorrhagic events.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Nadroparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nadroparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) which, when bound to antithrombin III (ATIII), accelerates the inactivation of factor II and factor Xa. Nadroparin halts the coagulation pathway by inhibiting the activation of thrombin (factor IIa) by factor Xa. The amplification of the fibrin clotting cascade is stopped once factors Xa and IIa are inactivated. It is derived from porcine sources and has a mean molecular size of 5000 daltons. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Nadroparin is used for prophylaxis of thromboembolic disorders and general surgery in orthopedic surgery, treatment of deep vein thrombosis, prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and treatment of unstable angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
