DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Thrombopoietin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Avatrombopag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Avatrombopag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Thrombocytopenia, Idiopathic Thrombocytopenia Purpura, Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP), Thrombocytopenia Associated With Liver Disease, and Thrombocytopenia Related to Chronic Liver Disease, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  SYM001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sym001 is a recombinant polyclonal antibody consisting of 25 different anti-Rhesus D (RhD) antibodies to replace existing anti-RhD hyperimmune immunoglobulins for the treatment of Idiopathic Thrombocytopenic Purpura (ITP) and the prevention of Hemolytic Disease of Newborns (HDN).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  SB-559448
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SB-559448 is a small-molecule drug that mimics the activity of thrombopoietin (TPO), a protein factor that promotes growth and production of blood platelets. This drug is developed by GlaxoSmithKline and used to treat Thrombocytopenia.Thrombocytopenia (decreased platelet count) is a common side effect of many chemotherapies and can lead to uncontrolled bleeding, thus representing a significant problem in the treatment of cancer patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Imiglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ruplizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Ruplizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as an immunosuppressive drug and is a component of Antova.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombocytopenia, systemic lupus erythematosus, transplant (rejection), blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cupric sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cupric sulfate is a salt created by treating cupric oxide with sulfuric acid. This forms as large, bright blue crystals containing five molecules of water (CuSO4∙5H2O) and is also known as blue vitriol. The anhydrous salt is created by heating the hydrate to 150 °C (300 °F). Cupric sulfate is used primarily for agricultural purposes, as a pesticide, germicide, feed additive, and soil additive. Some of its secondary uses are as a raw material in the preparation of other copper compounds, as a reagent in analytic chemistry, as an electrolyte for batteries and electroplating baths, and in medical practice as a locally applied fungicide, bactericide, and astringent [9].Copper is an essential trace element and an important catalyst for heme synthesis and iron absorption. After zinc and iron, copper is the third most abundant trace element found in the human body. Copper is a noble metal and its properties include high thermal and electrical conductivity, low corrosion, alloying ability, and malleability. Copper is a component of intrauterine contraceptive devices (IUD) and the release of copper is necessary for their important contraceptive effects. The average daily intake of copper in the USA is approximately 1 mg Cu with the diet being a primary source [5].Interestingly, the dysregulation of copper has been studied with a focus on neurodegenerative diseases, such as Wilson’s disease, Alzheimer’s disease, and Parkinson’s disease. Data from clinical observations of the neurotoxic effects of copper may provide the basis for future treatments affecting copper and its homeostasis [15].
4. Indication:  Elemental use in copper deficiency [11]Copper and copper containing compounds are broadly used in medical practice. Metallic copper is used already for many years in dental fillings and in copper intrauterine devices (IUD) for reversible contraception. Ointments containing copper, which release copper ions that are absorbed by the skin in the management of cramps, disturbances of renal function, peripheral, venous hypostatic circulatory disturbances, rheumatic disease and swelling associated with trauma. There are also cosmetic facial creams containing copper as their main active ingredient [13].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Anakinra
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anakinra is a recombinant, nonglycosylated human interleukin-1 receptor antagonist (IL-1Ra). The difference between anakinra and the native human IL-1Ra is that anakinra has an extra methionine residue at the amino terminus. It is manufactured by using the E. coli expression system. Anakinra is composed of 153 amino acid residues. FDA approved on November 14, 2001. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult rheumatoid arthritis and treatment of Neonatal-Onset Multisystem Inflammatory Disease (NOMID). 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Arimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Arimoclomol is an experimental drug compound developed by CytRx Corporation, a biopharmaceutical company based in Los Angeles, California. The orally administered drug is intended to treat amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, a neurodegenerative disease with no effective treatment.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), diabetes mellitus type 2, neurologic disorders, and neuropathy (diabetic).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Lepirudin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Lepirudin is identical to natural hirudin except for substitution of leucine for isoleucine at the N-terminal end of the molecule and the absence of a sulfate group on the tyrosine at position 63. It is produced via yeast cells. Bayer ceased the production of lepirudin (Refludan) effective May 31, 2012.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Argatroban
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Argatroban is a direct, selective thrombin inhibitor. The American College of Cardiologists (ACC) recommend using bivalirudin or argatroban in patients who have had, or at risk for, heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT) and are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. Argatroban is a non-heparin anticoagulant shown to both normalize platelet count in patients with HIT and prevent the formation of thrombi. Parental anticoagulants must be stopped and a baseline activated partial thromboplastin time must be obtained prior to administering argatroban.
4. Indication:  Argatroban is indicated for prevention and treatment of thrombosis caused by heparin induced thrombocytopenia (HIT). It is also indicated for use in patients with, or at risk for, HIT who are undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Alglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Eftrenonacog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eftrenonacog alfa is a long-acting recombinant fusion protein used in the treatment of hemophilia B. It is comprised of a single molecule of human factor IX (FIX) covalently linked to the constant region (Fc) domain of human IgG1 via recombinant DNA technology in a human embryonic kidney cell line (HEK293H) [1]. The presence of the Fc domain extends the terminal half-life which confers clinical benefits of prolonged therapeutic efficacy, less frequent intravenous injections for patient convenience and improved adherence to prophylaxis. Hemophilia B is a blood disorder with an incidence of approximately once every 30,000 male births in all populations and ethnic groups [2]. It is an X-linked genetic disease caused by mutation of the gene for coagulation protein factor IX (FIX), leading to decreased levels of endogenous factor IX and increased susceptibility to recurrent bleeding episodes caused spontaneously or as a result of accidental or surgical trauma [FDA Label]. When untreated, most patients die from bleeding complications before 25 years of age [2]. Eftrenonacog alfa acts as a replacement therapy to restore the levels of factor IX and allow normal hemostasis. Eftrenonacog alfa was developed and marketed as Alprolix for intravenous injection by Biogen. It was first approved by the FDA in March 2014 and later approved by the EMA in May 2016. Eftrenonacog alfa treatment demonstrated good tolerability with no reports of inhibitor development in clinical studies [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all age with haemophilia B (congenital factor IX deficiency).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Colfosceril palmitate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Colfosceril palmitate is a synthetic pulmonary surfactant administered in infants with respiratory distress syndrome.[1] It was part of the first generation of commercially available artificial surfactants.[4] It was developed by Burroughs Wellcome and it was FDA approved on August 6, 1990.[8] Nowadays colfosceril palmitate is under the state of canceled post-marketing.
4. Indication:  Colfosceril palmitate is indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. The official label is referred as a intratracheal suspension for prophylactic treatment of infants of less than 1350 grams of birth weight under risk of developing RDS, or in infants with birth weight greater than 1350 grams with pulmonary immaturity, or as rescue treatment of infants that already developed RDS.[8] The central feature of RDS is a surfactant deficiency due to lung immaturity. This lung condition is more frequently presented due to risk factors like prematurity, delayed lung maturation caused by maternal diabetes or male gender, or surfactant dysfuntion due to perinatal asphyxia, pulmonary infection or delivery without labor.[4]
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Oprelvekin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Oprelvekin, the active ingredient in Neumega® is recombinant Interleukin eleven, which is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) by recombinant DNA technology. The protein has a molecular mass of approximately 19,000 daltons, and is non-glycosylated. The polypeptide is 177 amino acids in length (the natural IL-11 has 178). This alteration has not resulted in measurable differences in bioactivity either in vitro or in vivo.The primary hematopoietic activity of Neumega® is stimulation of megakaryocytopoiesis and thrombopoiesis. In mice and nonhuman primate studies Neumega® has shown potent thrombopoietic activity in compromised hematopoiesis, including moderately to severely myelosuppressed animals. In these studies, Neumega® improved platelet nadirs and accelerated platelet recoveries compared to controls.In animal studies Oprelvekin also has non-hematopoetic activities. This includes the regulation of intestinal epithelium growth (enhanced healing of gastrointestinal lesions), the inhibition of adipogenesis, the induction of acute phase protein synthesis (e.g., fibrinogen), and inhibition of macrophageal released pro-inflammatory cytokines.
4. Indication:  Increases reduced platelet levels due to chemotherapy
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Calcium Gluceptate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium supplements such as calcium gluceptate are taken by individuals who are unable to get enough calcium in their regular diet or who have a need for more calcium. They are used to prevent or treat several conditions that may cause hypocalcemia (not enough calcium in the blood). The body needs calcium to make strong bones. Calcium is also needed for the heart, muscles, and nervous system to work properly.
4. Indication:  For treatment of mild hypocalcemia due to neonatal tetany, tetany due to parathyroid deficiency or vitamin D deficiency, and alkalosis, as prophylaxis of hypocalcemia during exchange transfusions, in the treatment of intestinal malabsorption, and to replenish electrolytes.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Cefprozil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cefprozil is a cephalosporin antibiotic. It can be used to treat bronchitis, ear infections, skin infections, and other bacterial infections.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections (respiratory, skin, soft tissue, UTI, ENT) caused by; S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, staphylococci, S. pyogenes (group A beta-hemolytic streptococci), E. coli, P. mirabilis, Klebsiella sp, coagulase-negative staph
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Olive oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Oil extracted from olives [1]. Consists primarily of the glycerides of the fatty acids linoleic, oleic and palmitic. Used as a source of fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition and as an additive in some cosmetic products [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  For use in adults as a source of calories and fatty acids in total parenteral nutrition [FDA Label]. Sometimes used as an additive in cosmetic products.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Lusutrombopag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lusutrombopag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Thrombocytopenia and Chronic Liver Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Eltrombopag
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eltrombopag is used to treat low blood platelet counts in adults with chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP), when certain other medicines, or surgery to remove the spleen, have not worked well enough. ITP is a condition that may cause unusual bruising or bleeding due to an abnormally low number of platelets in the blood. Eltrombopag has also been recently approved (late 2012) for the treatment of thrombocytopenia (low blood platelet counts) in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy.
4. Indication:  Thrombopoietin receptor agonists are pharmaceutical agents that stimulate platelet production in the bone marrow. In this, they differ from the previously discussed agents that act by attempting to curtail platelet destruction. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Quinine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alkaloid derived from the bark of the cinchona tree. It is used as an antimalarial drug, and is the active ingredient in extracts of the cinchona that have been used for that purpose since before 1633. Quinine is also a mild antipyretic and analgesic and has been used in common cold preparations for that purpose. It was used commonly and as a bitter and flavoring agent, and is still useful for the treatment of babesiosis. Quinine is also useful in some muscular disorders, especially nocturnal leg cramps and myotonia congenita, because of its direct effects on muscle membrane and sodium channels. The mechanisms of its antimalarial effects are not well understood. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of malaria and leg cramps
