DrugId:  1
1. Name:  AZD-9684
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AZD-9684 is the first member of a new anti-thrombotic class (CPU inhibitors). It is being developed by AstraZeneca.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  APD791
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  APD791 is an oral anti-thrombotic drug candidate being evaluated in a Phase 1 clinical trial by Arena. APD791 is intended to lower the risk of arterial thrombosis by reducing the amplification of platelet aggregation, arterial constriction and intimal hyperplasia mediated by serotonin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of arterial thrombosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  liposomal prostaglandin E1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Liposome-encapsulated form of prostaglandin E1 (Liprostin) is known to be a potent vasodilator and platelet inhibitor as well as an anti-inflammatory and anti-thrombotic agent. The liposomal formulation of PGE-1 changes the drug’s dynamics and improve its therapeutic index in ways that PGE-1 alone could not achieve.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ticlopidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ticlopidine is an effective inhibitor of platelet aggregation. It is a prodrug that is metabolised to an active form, which blocks the ADP receptor that is involved in GPIIb/IIIa receptor activation leading to platelet aggregation. Ticlopidine is marketed under the brand name Ticlid and is indicated for patients who cannot take aspirin or in whom aspirin has not worked to prevent a thrombotic stroke. The FDA label includes a black-box warning of neutropenia, aplastic anemia, thrombotic thrombocytopenia purpura, and agranulocytosis, so it is necessary to monitor patients' WBC and platelets when they are taking ticlopidine.
4. Indication:  Used in patients, who have had a stroke or stroke precursors and who cannot take aspirin or aspirin has not worked, to try to prevent another thrombotic stroke.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Vorapaxar
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vorapaxar is a tricyclic himbacine-derived selective inhibitor of protease activated receptor (PAR-1) indicated for reducing the incidence of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or with peripheral arterial disease (PAD). By inhibiting PAR-1, a thrombin receptor expressed on platelets, vorapaxar prevents thrombin-related platelet aggregation.
4. Indication:  Vorapaxar is indicated for the reduction of thrombotic cardiovascular events in patients with a history of myocardial infarction (MI) or peripheral arterial disease (PAD). It is usually co-administered with acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) and/or clopidogrel, and should therefore be administered as an addition to these medications as it has not been studied alone. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Axitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Axitinib is an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3. Axitinib is marketed under the name Inlyta®, and if one previous systemic therapy for kidney cell cancer has failed, axitinib is indicated.
4. Indication:  Used in kidney cell cancer and investigated for use/treatment in pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Protein C
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protein C is an endogenously occurring plasma protein that plays a key role within the coagulation cascade. Also known as blood coagulation factor XIV, Protein C is a zymogen, or enzyme precursor, of a vitamin K-dependent anticoagulant glycoprotein (serine protease) that is synthesized in the liver. It is converted by the thrombin/thrombomodulin-complex on the endothelial cell surface to Activated Protein C (APC). Once in its activated form, APC functions as a serine protease with potent anticoagulant effects, especially in the presence of its cofactor protein S. APC exerts its effect by inactivating essential components of the coagulation cascade (specifically factors V and VIII), which leads to a decrease in thrombin formation, and therefore a reduction in clot formation. The Protein C pathway provides a natural mechanism for control of the coagulation system and prevention of excessive procoagulant responses to activating stimuli. A lack of Protein C in the body would lead to unchecked coagulation activation, resulting in thrombin generation and intravascular clot formation with thrombosis. Protein C is available in concentrated form as the product Ceptrotin, which is indicated foruse in pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
4. Indication:  Protein C Concentrate is indicated for pediatric and adult patients with severe congenital Protein C deficiency for the prevention and treatment of venous thrombosis and purpura fulminans.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Emicizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Emicizumab is a humanized recombinant monoclonal antibody that mimics the function of the coagulation Factor VIII and it has the capacity to bind simultaneously to activated Factor IX and Factor X. The ability of Emicizumab to bind to all these three different factors allows it to overcome immunogenicity and unstable hemostatic efficacy produced by previous Factor VII agents. Emicizumab was originated as an improved form of hBS23 and it was approved on November 16, 2017, for the treatment of hemophilia A with factor VIII inhibitors.[1, 6] It was created by Chugai Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd. and co-developed with Roche and Genentech.[5]
4. Indication:  The main function of Emicizumab is the prevention of bleeding episodes. Thus, Emicizumab is approved for the routine prophylaxis of patients with hemophilia A that present Factor VIII inhibitors. Hemophilia A is a deficiency of coagulation Factor VIII which causes a serious bleeding disorder. The standard treatment is done with the administration of recombinant or serum-deriver Factor VIII which induces the formation of anti-factor VIII alloantibodies (Factor VIII inhibitors) and renders the standard treatment ineffective.[2]
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Selexipag
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Selexipag was approved by the United States FDA on December 22, 2015 for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization. PAH is a relatively rare disease with usually a poor prognosis requiring more treatment options to prolong long-term outcomes. Marketed by Actelion Pharmaceuticals under brand name Uptravi, selexipag and its active metabolite, ACT-333679 (MRE-269), act as agonists of the prostacyclin receptor to increase vasodilation in the pulmonary circulation and decrease elevated pressure in the blood vessels supplying blood to the lungs. 
4. Indication:  Selexipag is indicated for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH) to delay disease progression and reduce risk of hospitalization.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Varicella-Zoster Immune Globulin is a solvent/detergent-treated sterile liquid preparation of purified human immune globulin G (IgG) containing antibodies to varicella zoster virus (anti-VZV). It is prepared from pools of healthy human donors' plasma via anion-exchange column chromatography and was approved in 2012 under the name VariZIG to reduce the disease severity in high-risk patients who lack evidence of immunity to varicella and for whom varicella vaccine is contraindicated. The therapeutic efficacy is proven if administered within 4 days of exposure to varicella zoster virus.
4. Indication:  Indicated for preventing and reducing the severity of chicken pox (varicella zoster virus) infections in high risk individuals within 4 days of exposure to varicella zoster virus.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sulodexide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sulodexide is a mixture of glycosaminoglycans (GAGs) composed of dermatan sulfate (DS) and fast moving heparin (FMH).
4. Indication:  Sulodexide has been used clinically for the prophylaxis and treatment of vascular diseases with increased risk of thrombosis, including intermittent claudication, peripheral arterial occlusive disease and post-myocardial infarc-tion. Also investigated in the treatment of diabetic kidney disease and diabetic neuropathy. New anti-inflammatory properties have also extended its use in venous disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Erwinaze (asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi) contains an asparaginase specific enzyme derived from Erwinia chrysanthemi [4]. Specifically, this L-asparaginase is a tetrameric enzyme consisting of four identical subunits, each having a molecular weight of about 35 kDa [4]. The activity of Erwinaze is expressed in terms of International Units. It is an antineoplastic agent and was FDA approved in November 19, 2011 [4].
4. Indication:  Asparaginase Erwinia chrysanthemi is for the treatment of patients with acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL) that have developed a hypersensitivity to E. coli-derivied asparaginase [4]. It is a component of a multi-agent chemotherpeutic regimen [4] for the treatment of the aforementioned disease and is considered second- or third- line treatment in European and American protocols [1]. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Bivalirudin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bivalirudin is a synthetic 20 residue peptide (thrombin inhibitor) which reversibly inhibits thrombin. Once bound to the active site, thrombin cannot activate fibrinogen into fibrin, the crucial step in the formation of thrombus. It is administered intravenously. Because it can cause blood stagnation, it is important to monitor changes in hematocrit, activated partial thromboplastin time, international normalized ratio and blood pressure.
4. Indication:  For treatment of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia and for the prevention of thrombosis. Bivalirudin is indicated for use in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), in patients at moderate to high risk acute coronary syndromes due to unstable angina or non-ST segment elevation in whom a PCI is planned.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Icosapent
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Important polyunsaturated fatty acid found in fish oils. It serves as the precursor for the prostaglandin-3 and thromboxane-3 families. A diet rich in eicosapentaenoic acid lowers serum lipid concentration, reduces incidence of cardiovascular disorders, prevents platelet aggregation, and inhibits arachidonic acid conversion into the thromboxane-2 and prostaglandin-2 families. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  EPA can be used for lowering elevated triglycerides in those who are hyperglyceridemic. In addition, EPA may play a therapeutic role in patients with cystic fibrosis by reducing disease severity and may play a similar role in type 2 diabetics in slowing the progression of diabetic nephropathy.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Angiotensin II
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Angiotensin II is under investigation for the treatment of Sepsis, Septic Shock, Diabetes Mellitus, and Acute Renal Failure. Angiotensin II has been investigated for the treatment, basic science, and diagnostic of Hypertension, Renin Angiotensin System, and Idiopathic Membranous Nephropathy.As of December 21, 2017 the FDA approved La Jolla Pharmaceutical's Giapreza (angiotensin II) Injection for Intravenouse Infusion for the indication of acting as a vasoconstrictor to increase blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock. The novelty of the medication lies in the fact that it is the first and only use of synthetic human angiotensin II to help maintain body blood pressure. Shock is the inability to maintain blood flow to vital tissues and the potential resultant organ failure and death within hours, no matter young or o ld. As distributive shock is the most common type of shock in the inpatient setting and affects up to one third of patients in the intensive care unit, the FDA determined that there is a need for treatment options for critically ill hypotensive patients who do not adequately respond to currently available therapies.
4. Indication:  Angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor indicated for increasing blood pressure in adults with septic or other distributive shock [FDA Label].
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ancrod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ancrod (current brand name: Viprinex) is a defibrinogenating agent derived from the venom of the Malayan pit viper. The defribrinogenation of blood results in an anticoagulant effect. Currently, Viprinex®/ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country, but is being investigated as a stroke treatment in worldwide clinical trials. In January 2005, the U.S. FDA granted a 'fast-track status' for investigation of ancrod use in patients suffering from acute ischemic stroke, a life threatening condition caused by the blockage of blood vessels supplying blood and oxygen to portions of the brain, for which phase III trials are currently being conducted.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of established deep vein thrombosis; central retinal and branch vein thrombosis; priapism; pulmonary hypertension of embolic origin; embolism after insertion of prosthetic cardiac valves; rethrombosis after thrombolytic therapy and rethrombosis after vascular surgery. It is also indicated for the prevention of deep venous thrombosis after repair of the fractured neck of a femur.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Heparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.
4. Indication:  Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Celecoxib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) used in the treatment of osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, acute pain, painful menstruation and menstrual symptoms, and to reduce numbers of colon and rectum polyps in patients with familial adenomatous polyposis. It is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Celebrex. In some countries, it is branded Celebra. Celecoxib is available by prescription in capsule form.
4. Indication:  For relief and management of osteoarthritis (OA), rheumatoid arthritis (RA), juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (JRA), ankylosing spondylitis, acute pain, primary dysmenorrhea and oral adjunct to usual care for patients with familial adenomatous polyposis
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ticagrelor
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ticagrelor (trade name Brilinta in the US, Brilique and Possia in the EU) is a platelet aggregation inhibitor produced by AstraZeneca. Unlike clopidogrel, ticagrelor is not a prodrug and does not require metabolic activation. The drug was approved for use in the European Union by the European Commission on December 3, 2010. The drug was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration on July 20, 2011.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of thrombotic events (for example stroke or heart attack) in patients with acute coronary syndrome or myocardial infarction with ST elevation.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
