DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Haloprogin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Haloprogin is used as a topical ointment or cream in the treatment of Tinea infections. Tinea infections are superficial fungal infections caused by three species of fungi collectively known as dermatophytes (Trichophyton, Microsporum and Epidermophyton). Commonly these infections are named for the body part affected, including tinea corporis (general skin), tinea cruris (groin), and tinea pedis (feet). Haloprogin is a halogenated phenolic ether administered topically for dermotaphytic infections. The mechanism of action is unknown, but it is thought to be via inhibition of oxygen uptake and disruption of yeast membrane structure and function. Haloprogin is no longer available in the United States and has been discontinued. 
4. Indication:  Used to treat fungal (Tinea) skin infections such as athlete's foot, jock itch, ringworm, and tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Naftifine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Naftifine is a synthetic, broad spectrum, antifungal agent and allylamine derivative for the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by the organisms Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Sulconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulconazole, brand name Exelderm, is a broad-spectrum anti-fungal agent available as a topical cream and solution. Sulconazole nitrate, the active ingredient, is an imidazole derivative that inhibits the growth of common pathogenic dermatophytes making it an effective treatment for tinea cruris and tinea corporis infections. 
4. Indication:  Sulconazole solution 1.0% is indicated for the treatment of tinea cruris and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Epidermophyton floccosum, and Microsporum canis; and for the treatment of tinea versicolor. Effectiveness has not been proven in tinea pedis (athlete’s foot).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Griseofulvin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An antifungal antibiotic. Griseofulvin may be given by mouth in the treatment of tinea infections. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ringworm infections of the skin, hair, and nails, namely: tinea corporis, tinea pedis, tinea cruris, tinea barbae, cradle cap or other conditions caused by Trichophyton or Microsporum fungi.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  AN-2718
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An2718 has been used in trials studying Tinea Pedis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Econazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A broad spectrum antimycotic with some action against Gram positive bacteria. It is used topically in dermatomycoses also orally and parenterally. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis, tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Trichophyton tonsurans, Microsporum canis, Microsporum audouini, Microsporum gypseum, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis, and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dapaconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapaconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Butenafine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butenafine hydrochloride is a synthetic benzylamine antifungal agent. Butenafine works by inhibiting the synthesis of sterols by inhibiting squalene epoxidase, an enzyme responsible for the creation of sterols needed in fungal cell membranes.
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of the following dermatologic infections: tinea (pityriasis) versicolor due to M. furfur, interdigital tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea corporis (ringworm) and tinea cruris (jock itch) due to E. floccosum, T. mentagrophytes, T. rubrum, and T. tonsurans.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Oteseconazole
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oteseconazole has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tinea Pedis, Onychomycosis, Candidiasis, Vulvovaginal, and Recurrent Vulvovaginal Candidiasis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Terbinafine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Terbinafine hydrochloride (Lamisil) is a synthetic allylamine antifungal. It is highly lipophilic in nature and tends to accumulate in skin, nails, and fatty tissues. Like other allylamines, terbinafine inhibits ergosterol synthesis by inhibiting the fungal squalene monooxygenase (squalene 2,3-epoxidase), an enzyme that is part of the fungal cell wall synthesis pathway.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dermatophyte infections of the toenail or fingernail caused by susceptible fungi. Also for the treatment of tinea capitis (scalp ringworm) and tinea corporis (body ringworm) or tinea cruris (jock itch).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tea tree oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tea tree oil is an essential oil derived mainly from the Australian native plant Melaleuca alternifolia via steam distillation of the of the leaves and terminal branches [2]. It may be referred to as Melaleuca alternifolia oil. It has been a popular ingredient in a variety of household and cosmetic products due to its antiseptic, anti-inflammatory, broad-spectrum antimicrobial and antioxidant properties [1]. The dermatological use of tea tree oil has been investigated by various studies, where several studies have suggested the uses of this oil for the treatment of acne vulgaris, seborrheic dermatitis, and chronic gingivitis [1]. Terpene hydrocarbons and related alcohols constitute tea tree oil, with Terpinen-4-ol being the major antimicrobial component [2].
4. Indication:  Indicated for topical use to help protect against infection in minor cuts, scrapes, and burns. No FDA-approved therapeutic indications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Selenium Sulfide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Selenium Sulfide is an antifungal agent as well as a cytostatic agent, slowing the growth of hyperproliferative cells in seborrhea. Selenium Sulfide is the active ingredient often used in shampoos for the treatment of dandruff, seborrheic dermatitis and tinea capitis, a fungal infection that is primarily a disease of preadolescent children.
4. Indication:  For treatment of tinea versicolor, tinea capitis, dandruff and seborrheic dermatitis of the scalp.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sertaconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sertaconazole nitrate is an antifungal medication of the imidazole class. It is available as a cream to treat skin infections such as athlete's foot. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the topical treatment of interdigital tinea pedis in immunocompetent patients 12 years of age and older, caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ixekizumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ixekizumab is a humanized immunoglobulin G subclass 4 (IgG4) monoclonal antibody (mAb) against interleukin-17A (IL-17A) and prevents it from interacting with the IL-17A receptor. As IL-17A is a pro-inflammatory cytokine involved in inflammation and immune responses, blocking its effect is beneficial for use in inflammatory conditions. In particular, IL-17A has been found to be implicated in a variety of autoimmune diseases including Rheumatoid Arthritis and plaque psoriasis. Ixekizumab is produced by recombinant DNA technology in a recombinant mammalian cell line and purified using standard technology for bioprocessing. Ixekizumab is comprised of two identical light chain polypeptides of 219 amino acids each and two identical heavy chain polypeptides of 445 amino acids each, and has a molecular weight of 146,158 Daltons for the protein backbone of the molecule. It is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy.
4. Indication:  Ixekizumab is indicated for the treatment of adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Bifonazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bifonazole is an azole antifungal drug. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment of various topical fungal infections, including athlete's foot (tinea pedis).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Luliconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Luliconazole is a topical antifungal agent that acts by unknown mechanisms but is postulated to involve altering the synthesis of fungi cell membranes. It was approved by the FDA (USA) in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Luzu. Luliconazole is also approved in Japan.
4. Indication:  Luliconazole is indicated in adults aged 18 years and older for the topical treatment of fungal infections caused by Trichophyton rubrum and Epidermophyton floccosum, specifically tinea pedis, cruris, and corporis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Ciclopirox
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciclopirox olamine (used in preparations called Batrafen, Loprox, Mycoster, Penlac and Stieprox) is a synthetic antifungal agent for topical dermatologic treatment of superficial mycoses. It is most useful against Tinea versicolor. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used as a topical treatment in immunocompetent patients with mild to moderate onychomycosis of fingernails and toenails without lunula involvement, due to Trichophyton rubrum.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Tioconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tioconazole is an antifungal medication of the Imidazole class used to treat infections caused by a fungus or yeast. Tioconazole topical (skin) preparations are also available for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or "sun fungus". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (moniliasis).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Betamethasone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid given orally, parenterally, by local injection, by inhalation, or applied topically in the management of various disorders in which corticosteroids are indicated. Its lack of mineralocorticoid properties makes betamethasone particularly suitable for treating cerebral edema and congenital adrenal hyperplasia. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p724)
4. Indication:  Topical use (cream, lotion and ointment): for relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.Topical use (foam): relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses of the scalp.Systemic use: for the treatment of edocrine disorders, rheumatic disorders, collagen diseases, dermatological diseases, allergic states, ophthalmic diseases, respiratory diseases, hematologic disorders, neoplastic diseases, edematous states, gastrointestinal diseases, tuberculous meningitis and trichinosis.
