DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Moxetumomab Pasudotox
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Moxetumomab Pasudotox has been used in trials studying the treatment of Leukemia, Leukemia, Hairy Cell, Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma, Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia, and Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Entolimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Entolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Mucositis, Tongue Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, Stage IVA Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, and Stage IVB Verrucous Carcinoma of the Larynx, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Palifermin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Palifermin is a recombinant human keratinocyte growth factor (KGF). It is 140 residues long, and is produced using E. coli.
4. Indication:  For treatment of oral mucositis associated with chemotherapy and radiation therapy.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Pentostatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A potent inhibitor of adenosine deaminase. The drug is effective in the treatment of many lymphoproliferative malignancies, particularly hairy-cell leukemia. It is also synergistic with some other antineoplastic agents and has immunosuppressive activity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukaemia refractory to alpha interferon.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Motolimod
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motolimod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Tongue Cancer, Ovarian Cancer, Adult Solid Neoplasm, and Fallopian Tube Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hexylcaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Hexylcaine hydrochloride, also called cyclaine (Merck) or osmocaine, is a short-acting local anesthetic. It acts by inhibiting sodium channel conduction. Overdose can lead to headache, tinnitus, numbness and tingling around the mouth and tongue, convulsions, inability to breathe, and decreased heart function. Hexylcaine has been discontinued in the US market. 
4. Indication:  Used as a local anesthetic for surface application, infiltration or nerve block
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  MK-1775
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MK-1775 has been used in trials studying the treatment of LYMPHOMA, Neoplasms, Ovarian Cancer, Tongue Carcinoma, and Adult Glioblastoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cladribine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antineoplastic agent used in the treatment of lymphoproliferative diseases including hairy-cell leukemia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of active hairy cell leukemia (leukemic reticuloendotheliosis) as defined by clinically significant anemia, neutropenia, thrombocytopenia, or disease-related symptoms. Also used as an alternative agent for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL), low-grade non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2b, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Interferon alpha 2b (human leukocyte clone hif-sn 206 protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with arginine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Interferon alfacon-1
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon alfacon-1 is a recombinant non-naturally occurring type-I interferon. The 166-amino acid sequence of Interferon alfacon-1 was derived by scanning the sequences of several natural interferon alpha subtypes and assigning the most frequently observed amino acid in each corresponding position. Four additional amino acid changes were made to facilitate the molecular construction, and a corresponding synthetic DNA sequence was constructed using chemical synthesis methodology. Interferon alfacon-1 differs from interferon alfa-2b at 20/166 amino acids (88% homology), and comparison with interferon-beta shows identity at over 30% of the amino acid positions. Interferon alfacon-1 is produced in Escherichia coli (E. coli) cells that have been genetically altered by insertion of a synthetically constructed sequence that codes for Interferon alfacon-1. Prior to final purification, Interferon alfacon-1 is allowed to oxidize to its native state, and its final purity is achieved by sequential passage over a series of chromatography columns. This protein has a molecular weight of 19,434 daltons.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hairy cell leukemia, malignant melanoma, and AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Sulpiride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A dopamine D2-receptor antagonist. It has been used therapeutically as an antidepressant, antipsychotic, and as a digestive aid. (From Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  Sulpiride is indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bromodiphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bromodiphenhydramine is an ethanolamine antihistamine with antimicrobial property. Bromodiphenhydramine is used in the control of cutaneous allergies. Ethanolamine antihistamines produce marked sedation in most patients
4. Indication:  For management of symptoms related to hay fever and other types of allergy and used to help bring up phlegm, thin secretions, and make a cough productive.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ambenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ambenonium is a cholinesterase inhibitor used in the management of myasthenia gravis. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Ambenonium is used to treat muscle weakness due to muscle disease (myasthenia gravis).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Interferon Alfa-2a, Recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Interferon a (human leukocyte protein moiety reduced). A type I interferon consisting of 165 amino acid residues with lysine in position 23. This protein is produced by recombinant DNA technology and resembles interferon secreted by leukocytes. It is used extensively as an antiviral or antineoplastic agent. An oral form is being developed by Amarillo Biosciences.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic hepatitis C, hairy cell leukemia, AIDS-related Kaposi's sarcoma, and chronic myelogenous leukemia. Also for the treatment of oral warts arising from HIV infection.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Enalaprilat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enalaprilat is the active metabolite of the orally available pro-drug, enalapril. Used in the treatment of hypertension, enalapril is an ACE inhibitor that prevents Angiotensin Converting Enzyme (ACE) from transforming angiotensin I into angiotensin II. As angiotensin II is responsible for vasoconstriction and sodium reabsorption in the proximal tubule of the kidney, down-regulation of this protein results in reduced blood pressure and blood fluid volume. Enalaprilat was originally created to overcome the limitations of the first ACE inhibitor, captopril, which had numerous side effects and left a metallic taste in the mouth. Removal of the problematic thiol group from captopril resulted in enalaprilat, which was then modified further with an ester to create the orally available pro-drug enalapril.Enalaprilat is poorly orally available and is therefore only available as an intravenous injection for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not possible.
4. Indication:  Enalaprilat injection is indicated for the treatment of hypertension when oral therapy is not practical.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Iron saccharate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iron saccharate (Sucroferric oxyhydroxide or Iron Sucrose) is used as a source of iron in patients with iron deficiency anemia with chronic kidney disease (CKD), including those who are undergoing dialysis (hemodialysis or peritoneal) and those who do not require dialysis. Due to less side effects than iron dextran, iron saccharate is more preferred in chronic kidney disease patients.
4. Indication:  Iron sucrose is elemental iron as an injection. It replenishes body iron stores in patients with iron deficiency.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Cloxacillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A semi-synthetic antibiotic that is a chlorinated derivative of oxacillin.
4. Indication:  Used to treat infections caused by penicillinase-producing staphylococci, including pneumococci, group A beta-hemolytic streptococci, and penicillin G-sensitive and penicillin G-resistant staphylococci.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Finasteride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An orally active testosterone 5-alpha-reductase inhibitor. It is used as a surgical alternative for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) in men with an enlarged prostate to: Improve symptoms, reduce the risk of acute urinary retention, reduce the risk of the need for surgery including transurethral resection of the prostate. Also used for the stimulation of regrowth of hair in men with mild to moderate androgenetic alopecia (male pattern alopecia, hereditary alopecia, common male baldness).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dopamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  One of the catecholamine neurotransmitters in the brain. It is derived from tyrosine and is the precursor to norepinephrine and epinephrine. Dopamine is a major transmitter in the extrapyramidal system of the brain, and important in regulating movement. A family of receptors (receptors, dopamine) mediate its action.
4. Indication:  For the correction of hemodynamic imbalances present in the shock syndrome due to myocardial infarction, trauma, endotoxic septicemia, open-heart surgery, renal failure, and chronic cardiac decompensation as in congestive failure
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bismuth Subsalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Bismuth subsalicylate is the active ingredient in the popular medication Pepto-Bismol that is used to treat nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, and other temporary discomforts of the stomach and gastrointestinal tract. It is also the main ingredient of Kaopectate. It displays anti-inflammatory action (due to salicylic acid) and also acts as an antacid and mild antibiotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat nausea, heartburn, indigestion, upset stomach, diarrhea, and other temporary discomforts of the stomach and gastrointestinal tract.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides farinae
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides farinae extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides farinae extract is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoidesfarinae house dust mites, or skin testing to  licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. ODACTRA is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Buprenorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Buprenorphine is a derivative of the opioid alkaloid thebaine that is a more potent (25 - 40 times) and longer lasting analgesic than morphine. It appears to act as a partial agonist at mu and kappa opioid receptors and as an antagonist at delta receptors. The lack of delta-agonist activity has been suggested to account for the observation that buprenorphine tolerance may not develop with chronic use.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe pain, peri-operative analgesia, and opioid dependence.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus extracts are sterile solutions used for intradermal testing or subcutaneous immunotherapy. This combination is approved for as a year-round, once-a-day tablet that's dissolved under the tongue as a treatment for dust mite allergies.
4. Indication:  Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is an allergen extract indicated as immunotherapy for house dust mite (HDM)-induced allergic rhinitis, with or without conjunctivitis, confirmed by in vitro testing for IgE antibodies to Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus house dust mites, or skin testing to licensed house dust mite allergen extracts. Dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is approved for use in adults 18 through 65 years of age. 
