DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Suprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An ibuprofen-type anti-inflammatory analgesic and antipyretic. It inhibits prostaglandin synthesis and has been proposed as an anti-arthritic. It is no longer approved for use in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used as eye drops to inhibit the miosis (pupil constriction) that may occur during ocular surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Homatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine is an anticholinergic drug that acts as an antagonist at muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. It is present in antitussives, under the trade name Hycodan, in combination with hydrocodone (dihydrocodeinone) bitartrate indicated for the symptomatic relief of cough as oral tablets or solutions. Homatropine is included in subtherapeutic amounts as homatropine methylbromide to discourage deliberate overdosage. Homatropine hydrobromide has been administered as ophthalmic solutions as a cycloplegic to temporarily paralyze accomodation, and to induce mydriasis (the dilation of the pupil); however such therapeutic use has not been approved by the FDA to be safe and effective.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an overdose-rescuing agent in combination with hydrocodone antitussive [FDA Label].Indicated for the induction of mydriasis in ophthalmic solutions. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Hydroxyamphetamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hydroxyamphetamine is a derivative of amphetamines. Hydroxyamphetamine is intended mainly as local eye drops for diagnostic purposes. It is indirect sympathomimetic agent which cause dilation of the eye pupil before diagnostic test. Among the minor side effects from its use are: change in color vision, difficulty seeing at night, dry mouth, headache, increased sensitivity of eyes to sunlight, muscle stiffness or tightness and temporary stinging in the eyes.The main use of hydroxyamphetamines as eye drops is the diagnosis of Horner's syndrome which is characterized by nerve lesions.
4. Indication:  Mydriatic agent (eye pupil dilatation) for diagnosis of ophthalmic nerve lesions.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dexpanthenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dexpanthenol is an alcohol derivative of pantothenic acid, a component of the B complex vitamins and an essential component of a normally functioning epithelium. Dexpanthenol is enzymatically cleaved to form pantothenic acid, which is an essential component of Coenzyme A, which acts as a cofactor in many enzymatic reactions that are important for protein metabolism in the epithelium[2]. Due to its good penetration and high local concentrations, dexpanthanol is used in many topical products, such as ointments and lotions for treatment of dermatological conditions to relieve itching or promote healing. Dermatological effects of the topical use of dexpanthenol include increased fibroblast proliferation and accelerated re-epithelialization in wound healing. Furthermore, it acts as a topical protectant, moisturizer, and has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties [3].Dexpanthenol is also available as a racemic mixture containing both the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) and the levorotatory form (levopanthenol) as Panthenol. While pantothenic acid is optically active, only the dextrorotatory form (dexpanthenol) is biologically active.
4. Indication:  Injection: Prophylactic use immediately after major abdominal surgery to minimize the possibility of paralytic ileus. Intestinal atony causing abdominal distention; postoperative or postpartum retention of flatus, or postoperative delay in resumption of intestinal motility; paralytic ileus.Topical: This medication is used as a moisturizer to treat or prevent dry, rough, scaly, itchy skin and minor skin irritations (e.g., diaper rash, skin burns from radiation therapy). 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Curcuma aromatica root oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Curcuma aromatica root oil is obtained from the roots of Curcuma aromatica, or more commonly called wild tumeric, via steamed distillation. Curcuma aromatica belongs to the family Zingiberaceae. The wild ginger has been used as a cosmetic herbal where its rhizomes exhibit a distinct fragrance and color. The major constituents of Curcuma aromatica root oil are reported to be camphor, curzerenone, α-turmerone, ar-turmerone and 1,8-cineole [1]. Curcuma aromatica root oil is also suggested to have antibacterial activity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alpha-methyltryptamine
2. Groups:  Experimental, Illicit
3. Description:  A stimulant and psychoactive drug which produces effects similar to 3,4-methylenedioxy-N-methylamphetamine (MDMA), despite being structurally dissimilar.It was developed in the 1960's by Upjohn with the intention for use as an antidepressant. In the 1990's, alpha-methyltryptamine became regulated as a Schedule I controlled substance in the United states. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pine needle oil (pinus mugo)
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Pine needle oil is obtained from the needles of Pinus mugo tree via steam distillation. Major components of pine needle oil (pinus mugo) include α-Pinene, β-pinene, δ-3-carene, limonene, β-phellandrene, (E)-caryophyllene, and germacrene D. It is present in aromatherapeutic agents as a massage oil or fragrance and may also be used as a disinfectant, lubricant, sanitizer, antimicrobial, insecticide and organic herbicide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Dihydroquinidine barbiturate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Anisotropine Methylbromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Anisotropine methylbromide is a quaternary ammonium compound. Its use as treatment adjunct in peptic ulcer has been replaced by the use of more effective agents. Depending on the dose, anisotropine methylbromide may reduce the motility and secretory activity of the gastrointestinal system, and the tone of the ureter and urinary bladder and may have a slight relaxant action on the bile ducts and gallbladder. In general, smaller doses of anisotropine methylbromide inhibit salivary and bronchial secretions, sweating, and accommodation; cause dilatation of the pupil; and increase the heart rate. Larger doses are required to decrease motility of the gastrointestinal and urinary tracts and to inhibit gastric acid secretion.
4. Indication:  For use in conjunction with antacids or histamine H2-receptor antagonists in the treatment of peptic ulcer, to reduce further gastric acid secretion and delay gastric emptying.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cyclopentolate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A parasympatholytic anticholinergic used solely to obtain mydriasis or cycloplegia. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used mainly to produce mydriasis and cycloplegia for diagnostic purposes.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Carteolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist used as an anti-arrhythmia agent, an anti-angina agent, an antihypertensive agent, and an antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of intraocular hypertension and chronic open-angle glaucoma
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mephenytoin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Mephenytoin is used for the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy. Mephenytoin is a solid. This compound belongs to the phenylhydantoins. These are heterocyclic aromatic compounds containing an imiazolidinedione moiety substituted by a phenyl group. Mephenytoin is known to target sodium channel protein type 5 subunit alpha. Cytochrome P450 2C19, Cytochrome P450 2C8, Cytochrome P450 2C9, Cytochrome P450 2B6, Cytochrome P450 1A2, and Cytochrome P450 2D6 are known to metabolize mephenytoin. Mephenytoin is a hydantoin-derivative anticonvulsant used to control various partial seizures. Mephenytoin and oxazolidinedione derivatives are associated with higher incidences of blood dyscrasias compared to other anticonvulsants. It is still studied largely because of its interesting hydroxylation polymorphism.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of refractory partial epilepsy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Beclamide
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Beclamide (N-benzyl-B-chloropropionamide) is a drug that possesses anticonvulsant activity. It is no longer used. It has been used as a sedative and as an anticonvulsant. It was studied in the 1950s for its anticonvulsant properties, as a treatment for generalised tonic-clonic seizures. It was not effective for absence seizures.
4. Indication:  Has been used in the management of epilepsy and epilepsy related behavioural disorders. It was used for generalised tonic-clonic seizures, and was not effective for absence seizures.More recently focus has shifted to the use of beclamide in behavioural disorders. In mentally handicapped epileptic patients it has been found to decrease anxiety, antisocial and demanding behaviours, and impulsivity. Mood stabilizing effects were also noted. [2]Additionally, due to its effects on monoamines, beclamide may have a potential place in treating conditions such as tardive dyskinesia and hyperkinetic syndromes. [2]
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ginseng
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ginseng is promoted as an adaptogen (a product that increases the body's resistance to stress), one which can to a certain extent be supported with reference to its anticarcinogenic and antioxidant properties. Ginseng is also known to contain phytoestrogens.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Glycolic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Methscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methscopolamine is a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine and antagonist at muscarininc (mACh) receptors. Methscopolamine bromide is the most common form of the active ingredient in oral pharmaceutical products. The oral tablets are used as an adjunct therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer and is shown to be effective in decreasing the rate of recurrence of peptic ulcers as well as preventing complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Phenacemide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenacemide is used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy. This medicine acts on the central nervous system (CNS) to reduce the number and severity of seizures.
4. Indication:  Used to control certain seizures in the treatment of epilepsy.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Topiramate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Topiramate (brand name Topamax) is an anticonvulsant drug produced by Ortho-McNeil Neurologics, a division of Johnson & Johnson. It is used to treat epilepsy in both children and adults. In children it is also indicated for treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (a disorder that causes seizures and developmental delays). It is also Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for, and now most frequently prescribed for, the prevention of migraines. [Wikipedia]. A combination product containing phentermine and topiramate extended-release called QSYMIA® is indicated for the management of obesity. On August 2013, an extended released formulation, marketed as Trokendi XR has been approved for the management of partial onset, tonic-clonic, and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome seizures. 
4. Indication:  Used for the treatment and control of partial seizures and severe tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizures and also for the prevention of migraine headaches. In children it is also used for treatment of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. Qsymia® is indicated for the treatment and management of obesity.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Allantoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Allantoin is a substance that is endogenous to the human body and also found as a normal component of human diets [FDA Label]. In healthy human volunteers, the mean plasma concentration of allantoin is about 2-3 mg/l. During exercise, the plasma allantoin concentration rapidly increases about two fold and remains elevated [FDA Label]. In human muscle, urate is oxidized to allantoin during such exercise [FDA Label]. The concentration of allantoin in muscles increases from a resting value of about 5000 ug/kg to about 16000 ug/kg immediately after short-term exhaustive cycling exercise [FDA Label]. More specifically, allantoin is a diureide of glyoxylic acid that is produced from uric acid. It is a major metabolic intermediate in most organisms. Allantoin is found in OTC cosmetic products and other commercial products such as oral hygiene products, in shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, sun care products, and clarifying lotions [4]. Allantoin has also demonstrated to ameliorate the wound healing process in some studies [1].
4. Indication:  Allantoin is commonly applied in a variety of topical vehicles or applications such as cosmetic creams, toothpastes, mouthwashes, shampoos, lipsticks, anti-acne products, and lotions [4] for the purpose of moisturizing skin, enhancing the smoothness of skin, stimulating the healing of wounds, and soothing irritated skin [4].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Heptabarbital
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Heptabarbital is an intermediate or short term barbiturate used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
4. Indication:  Used mainly for sedation and hypnosis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Metipranolol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic antagonist effective for both beta-1 and beta-2 receptors. It is used as an antiarrhythmic, antihypertensive, and antiglaucoma agent. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with ocular hypertension or open angle glaucoma.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Salicylic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A compound obtained from the bark of the white willow and wintergreen leaves, and also prepared synthetically. It has bacteriostatic, fungicidal, and keratolytic actions. Its salts, the salicylates, are used as analgesics.
4. Indication:  Key additive in many skin-care products for the treatment of acne, psoriasis, callouses, corns, keratosis pilaris and warts.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nicotinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An important compound functioning as a component of the coenzyme NAD. Its primary significance is in the prevention and/or cure of blacktongue and pellagra. Most animals cannot manufacture this compound in amounts sufficient to prevent nutritional deficiency and it therefore must be supplemented through dietary intake. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Glisoxepide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Glisoxepide is one of the sulphonamide-derived oral antidiabetic drugs. It inhibits the uptake of bile acids into isolated rat hepatocytes. However it inhibits taurocholate uptake only in the absence of sodium ions. Glisoxepide uptake could be further inhibited by blockers of the hepatocellular monocarboxylate transporter, by the loop diuretic bumetanide, by 4,4'-diisothiocyano-2,2'-stilbenedisulfonate (DIDS) and by sulphate. These results are consistent with the transport of glisoxepide via the transport system for the unconjugated bile acid cholate. [1, 2]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diabetes mellitus type 2.
