DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Carbamide peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [1]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [6]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dental bleaching agent. Indicated as an oral wound healing agent in oral mucosal injuries.Indicated as an aid in the removal of hardened ear wax.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ibandronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibandronate is a nitrogen-containing bisphosphonate in the same class as alendronate and risedronate. Ibandronate inhibits osteoclast-mediated bone resorption. All of the bisphosphonates prevent the breakdown of bone by bone cells called osteoclasts. In persons who are at high risk for osteoporosis, bisphosphonates not only result in increased amounts of bone and bone strength, they also reduce the risk of hip fractures and other bone fractures.
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ethyl chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Ethyl chloride, or chloroethane, has a chemical formula C2H5Cl. It was commonly used in the production of tetraethyllead (TEL), which is an additive for gasoline. It was also used in other commerical applications as a chemical reagent. It is still used in the treatment of cellulose to make ethylcellulose for commercial products. Ethyl chloride is used as a diagnostic tool to detect a dead tooth with nonviable pulp.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Evatanepag
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Evatanepag has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tibial Fractures.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Silicon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Xylitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. Xylitol-rich plant materials include birch and beechwood [1]. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. The effects of xylitol on dental caries have been widely studied, and xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth. Xylitol is a non-fermentable sugar alcohol by most plaque bacteria, indicating that it cannot be fermented into cariogenic acid end-products [4]. It works by inhibiting the growth of the microorganisms present in plaque and saliva after it accummulates intracellularly into the microorganism [4]. The recommended dose of xylitol for dental caries prevention is 6–10 g/day, and most adults can tolerate 40 g/day without adverse events [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a sugar substitute, and oral hygiene active ingredient. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Fluoride ion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Having a chemical formula of F−, fluoride ion is the simplest inorganic, monatomic anion of fluorine with basic properties. It is considered as a trace element. Fluoride ions occur on earth in several minerals, particularly fluorite, but are only present in trace quantities in water. Its various salt forms and minerals play numerous roles as chemical reagents, industrial chemicals, and commercial products. It also plays an essential physiological role, such as enhancing the resistance profile and strength of the surface tooth enamel.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Odanacatib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Odanacatib is an inhibiter of cathepsin K which was originally developed be Merck & Co as a new treatment for osteoporosis [1]. The drug made it to phase III trials before abandoned due to increased stroke.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis [1].
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Fenbufen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fenbufen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug used primarily to treat inflammation in osteoarthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and tendinitis. It can also be used to relieve backaches, sprains, and fractures. Fenbufen is available as a capsule or tablet sold with the brand names Cepal, Cinopal, Cybufen, Lederfen, and Reugast. Fenbufen acts by preventing cyclooxygenase from producing prostaglandins which can cause inflammation. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Papain
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Papain, also known as papaya proteinase I, is a cysteine protease (EC 3.4.22.2) enzyme that is found in species of papaya, Carica papaya and Vasconcellea cundinamarcensis. The enzyme is found to be localized in the skin of papaya, and is collected from slashed unripe papayas as a crude latex. Papain is used in food, pharmaceutical, textile, and cosmetic industries. While it has been used for the treatment of inflammation and pain via topical administration, papain has also shown to have anthelmintic and tooth-whitening properties. Present in over-the-counter mixture products consisting of different digestive enzymes, its active site contains a catalytic diad that plays a role in breaking peptide bonds. Papain is also used as an ingredient in various enzymatic debriding preparations.
4. Indication:  No FDA-approved therapeutic indications. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Zoledronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Zoledronate (zoledronic acid, marketed by Novartis under the trade names Zometa and Reclast) is a bisphosphonate. Zometa is used to prevent skeletal fractures in patients with cancers such as multiple myeloma and prostate cancer. It can also be used to treat hypercalcemia of malignancy and can be helpful for treating pain from bone metastases.An annual dose of Zoledronate may also prevent recurring fractures in patients with a previous hip fracture.Zoledronate is a single 5 mg infusion for the treatment of Paget's disease of bone. In 2007, the FDA also approved Reclast for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia of malignancy. Also for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma and patients with documented bone metastases from solid tumors, in conjunction with standard antineoplastic therapy. In May of 2007, the drug was approved for treatment of Paget’s Disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Calcium Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium and phosphate supplement, antacid, or a source of calcium and phosphate in toothpaste [FDA Label] [3].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Bazedoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bazedoxifene is a third generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM), developed by Pfizer following the completion of their takeover of Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. In late 2013, Pfizer received approval for bazedoxifene as part of the combination drug DUAVEE in the prevention (not treatment) of postmenopausal osteoporosis. It is approved in the European Union (marketed in Italy and Spain) and Japan, and is in the late phases of review by the United States' Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Bazedoxifene is yet to be approved by the FDA. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis and menopause.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ketobemidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ketobemidone is a powerful opioid analgesic. Its effectiveness against pain is in the same range as morphine, and it also has some NMDA-antagonist properties. This makes it useful for some types of pain that don't respond well to other opioids. The most commonly cited equalisation ratio for analgesic doses is 25 mg of ketobemidone hydrobromide to 60 mg of morphine hydrochloride or sulfate and circa 8 mg of ketobemidone by injection.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of all types of severe pain, such as postoperative, cancer, kidney stones and fractures.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Phosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.
4. Indication:  Phosphoric acid is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Parathyroid hormone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parathyroid hormone (PTH) is a single-chain polypeptide composed of 84 amino acids. As Preotact, it contains recombinant human parathyroid hormone which is identical to the full-length native 84-amino acid polypeptide. It is produced as a fusion protein. Post-translational processing involves the cleavage of the OmpA leader sequence, leaving the mature protein as a single-chain 84 amino-acids polypeptide (9.4 kDa) whose sequence is identical to that of the full-length native endogenous human PTH. It has no disulfide bonds and no glycosylation sites.Preotact is used in the treatment of osteoporosis in postmenopausal women at high risk of osteoporotic fractures. Preotact is marketed in Europe by Nycomed. Preos is a registered trade mark owned by NPS Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The name Preos and the New Drug Application is pending approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  For use/treatment in osteoporosis.
