DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Doxycycline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic tetracycline derivative with similar antimicrobial activity. Animal studies suggest that it may cause less tooth staining than other tetracyclines. It is used in some areas for the treatment of chloroquine-resistant falciparum malaria (malaria, falciparum).
4. Indication:  Doxycycline is indicated for use in respiratory tract infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Streptococcus pneumoniae, Legionella spp., or Klebsiella spp. It is also used for prophylaxis of malaria. Doxycycline is indicated for a variety of bacterial infections, from Mycobacterium fortuitum and M. marinum, to susceptible E. coli and Brucella spp. It can be used as an alternative to treating plague, tetanus, Campylobacter fetus 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Carbamide peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [1]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [6]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dental bleaching agent. Indicated as an oral wound healing agent in oral mucosal injuries.Indicated as an aid in the removal of hardened ear wax.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ethyl chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Ethyl chloride, or chloroethane, has a chemical formula C2H5Cl. It was commonly used in the production of tetraethyllead (TEL), which is an additive for gasoline. It was also used in other commerical applications as a chemical reagent. It is still used in the treatment of cellulose to make ethylcellulose for commercial products. Ethyl chloride is used as a diagnostic tool to detect a dead tooth with nonviable pulp.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fispemifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in male hormonal deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Silicon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Xylitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. Xylitol is used prevent middle ear infections (otitis media) in young children, as an energy source, and as a sugar substitute for people with diabetes, due to its negligible effects on blood sugar and insulin. It also exhibits some oral health benefits. Since it is a nonfermentable sugar alcohol, xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Fluoride ion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Having a chemical formula of F−, fluoride ion is the simplest inorganic, monatomic anion of fluorine with basic properties. It is considered as a trace element. Fluoride ions occur on earth in several minerals, particularly fluorite, but are only present in trace quantities in water. Its various salt forms and minerals play numerous roles as chemical reagents, industrial chemicals, and commercial products. It also plays an essential physiological role, such as enhancing the resistance profile and strength of the surface tooth enamel.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Papain
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Papain, also known as papaya proteinase I, is a cysteine protease (EC 3.4.22.2) enzyme that is found in species of papaya, Carica papaya and Vasconcellea cundinamarcensis. The enzyme is found to be localized in the skin of papaya, and is collected from slashed unripe papayas as a crude latex. Papain is used in food, pharmaceutical, textile, and cosmetic industries. While it has been used for the treatment of inflammation and pain via topical administration, papain has also shown to have anthelmintic and tooth-whitening properties. Its active site contains a catalytic diad that plays a role in breaking peptide bonds. Papain is used as an ingredient in various enzymatic debriding preparations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Methylmalonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Angiotensin 1-7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TXA127 has been investigated for the treatment of Miscellaneous Peripheral Blood Cell Abnormalities.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Radotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.
4. Indication:  Radotinib is indicated for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance of other Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitors, such as patients resistant or intolerant to imatinib.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Phosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.
4. Indication:  Phosphoric acid is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calcium Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium and phosphate supplement, antacid, or a source of calcium and phosphate in toothpaste [FDA Label] [3].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Trestolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Trestolone (7α-methyl-19-nortestosterone) is a synthetic androgen developed by the Population Council as a potential candidate drug for use in hormonal male contraceptive methods. In males, regular administration of sufficient quantities of trestolone induces a state of temporary infertility.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception and male hormonal deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
