DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Strontium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Strontium chloride (SrCl2) is a salt of strontium and chloride. SrCl2 is useful in reducing tooth sensitivity by forming a barrier over microscopic tubules in the dentin containing nerve endings that have become exposed by gum recession.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Carbamide peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbamide peroxide, also known as urea-hydrogen peroxide, is a water-soluble, white crystalline solid compound consisting of hydrogen peroxide and urea. As it is a source of hydrogen peroxide, it can be found in disinfecting and dental bleaching products. Some adverse effects of carbamide peroxide as a dental bleaching agent include dentin sensitivity and/or gingival irritation led by unstable and reactive H+ free radicals and low pH from prolonged use. It may also alter enamel surface morphology via enamel mineral loss and surface roughening [1]. The FDA considers carbamide peroxide to be safe in oral mucosal injury drug products as an oral wound healing agent, although there is insufficient data to establish general recognition of the effectiveness of this ingredient as an oral wound healing agent [6]. It is available in OTC otic drugs as non-water, non-oil-based solutions used to soften, loosen and remove excessive ear wax, or cerumen.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a dental bleaching agent. Indicated as an oral wound healing agent in oral mucosal injuries.Indicated as an aid in the removal of hardened ear wax.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ethyl chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Ethyl chloride, or chloroethane, has a chemical formula C2H5Cl. It was commonly used in the production of tetraethyllead (TEL), which is an additive for gasoline. It was also used in other commerical applications as a chemical reagent. It is still used in the treatment of cellulose to make ethylcellulose for commercial products. Ethyl chloride is used as a diagnostic tool to detect a dead tooth with nonviable pulp.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Clarithromycin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clarithromycin, a semisynthetic macrolide antibiotic derived from erythromycin, inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to the bacterial 50S ribosomal subunit. Binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with amino acid translocation during the translation and protein assembly process. Clarithromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  An alternative medication for the treatment of acute otitis media caused by H. influenzae, M. catarrhalis, or S. pneumoniae in patients with a history of type I penicillin hypersensitivity. Also for the treatment of pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by susceptible Streptococcus pyogenes, as well as respiratory tract infections including acute maxillary sinusitis, acute bacterial exacerbations of chronic bronchitis, mild to moderate community-acquired pneuomia, Legionnaires' disease, and pertussis. Other indications include treatment of uncomplicated skin or skin structure infections, helicobacter pylori infection, duodenal ulcer disease, bartonella infections, early Lyme disease, and encephalitis caused by Toxoplasma gondii (in HIV infected patients in conjunction with pyrimethamine). Clarithromycin may also decrease the incidence of cryptosporidiosis, prevent the occurence of α-hemolytic (viridans group) streptococcal endocarditis, as well as serve as a primary prevention for Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) bacteremia or disseminated infections (in adults, adolescents, and children with advanced HIV infection).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Silicon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Silicon dioxide, or silica, is an oxide of silicon with the chemical formula SiO2. It is found in nature as agate, amethyst, chalcedony, cristobalite, flint, sand, QUARTZ, and tridymite as transparent and tasteless crystals. Inhalation of fine crystals is toxic to humans leading to respiratory toxicity. In powdered food products and pharmaceutical tablets, silicon dioxide is added as a flow agent to absorb water. Colloidal silica is also used as a wine, beer, and juice fining agent or stabilizer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Xylitol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Xylitol is a naturally occurring five-carbon sugar alcohol found in most plant material, including many fruits and vegetables. Xylitol-rich plant materials include birch and beechwood [1]. It is widely used as a sugar substitute and in "sugar-free" food products. The effects of xylitol on dental caries have been widely studied, and xylitol is added to some chewing gums and other oral care products to prevent tooth decay and dry mouth. Xylitol is a non-fermentable sugar alcohol by most plaque bacteria, indicating that it cannot be fermented into cariogenic acid end-products [4]. It works by inhibiting the growth of the microorganisms present in plaque and saliva after it accummulates intracellularly into the microorganism [4]. The recommended dose of xylitol for dental caries prevention is 6–10 g/day, and most adults can tolerate 40 g/day without adverse events [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a sugar substitute, and oral hygiene active ingredient. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fluoride ion
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Having a chemical formula of F−, fluoride ion is the simplest inorganic, monatomic anion of fluorine with basic properties. It is considered as a trace element. Fluoride ions occur on earth in several minerals, particularly fluorite, but are only present in trace quantities in water. Its various salt forms and minerals play numerous roles as chemical reagents, industrial chemicals, and commercial products. It also plays an essential physiological role, such as enhancing the resistance profile and strength of the surface tooth enamel.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Papain
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Papain, also known as papaya proteinase I, is a cysteine protease (EC 3.4.22.2) enzyme that is found in species of papaya, Carica papaya and Vasconcellea cundinamarcensis. The enzyme is found to be localized in the skin of papaya, and is collected from slashed unripe papayas as a crude latex. Papain is used in food, pharmaceutical, textile, and cosmetic industries. While it has been used for the treatment of inflammation and pain via topical administration, papain has also shown to have anthelmintic and tooth-whitening properties. Present in over-the-counter mixture products consisting of different digestive enzymes, its active site contains a catalytic diad that plays a role in breaking peptide bonds. Papain is also used as an ingredient in various enzymatic debriding preparations.
4. Indication:  No FDA-approved therapeutic indications. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  CHF 4227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Hydrogen peroxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hydrogen peroxide is the simplest peroxide with a chemical formula H2O2. Hydrogen peroxide is an unstable compound in the presence of a base or catalyst, and is typically stored with a stabilizer in a weakly acidic solution. If heated to its boiling point, it may undergo potentially explosive thermal decomposition. Hydrogen peroxide is formed in the body of mammals during reduction of oxygen either directly in a two-electron transfer reaction [4]. As a natural product of metabolism, it readily undergoes decomposition by catalase in normal cells [4]. Due to its potent and broad-spectrum antimicrobial actions, hydrogen peroxide is used in both liquid and gas form for preservative, disinfection and sterilization applications as an oxidative biocide [1]. It is used in industrial and cosmetic applications as a bleaching agent. Hydrogen peroxide is also considered as a generally recognized as safe compound by the FDA [4]; it is used as an antimicrobial agent in starch and cheese products, and as an oxidizing and reducing agent in products containing dried eggs, dried egg whites, and dried egg yolks.
4. Indication:  Indicated to be used as a disinfectant and sterilizer. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  PH-284
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PH-284 belongs to a new family of new chemical entities called vomeropherins. Vomeropherins are self-administered by the patient with a metered nasal spray, or nasal aerosol device so that they can bind to peripheral chemosensory receptors in the nasal passages. This binding produces neural impulses that are transmitted by specific pathways to the hypothalamic centre that directly and rapidly affect brain function. PH-284 is under investigation by Pherin and Organon for the treatment of anorexia nervosa, and loss of appetite and cachexia in cancer and AIDS patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anorexia and other conditions causing harmful weight loss. The manufacturer suggests it could be relevant for treatment of weight loss and the associated symptoms-- i.e., lack of energy, decrease in appetite, physical wasting, vulnerability to toxicity, and sometimes reduced life expectancy-- in patients with eating disorders, patients with advanced cancer, patients with AIDS, and patients experiencing loss of appetite due to aging, acute illness, or pregnancy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sodium fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium fluoride is an inorganic chemical compound. A colorless solid, it is a source of the fluoride ion in diverse applications. Sodium fluoride is less expensive and less hygroscopic than the related salt potassium fluoride.
4. Indication:  To prevent cavities. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Calcium Phosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium phosphate is typically available as an over the counter supplement, antacid, or as an added ingredient in some toothpastes [FDA Label] [3].
4. Indication:  For use as an over the counter calcium and phosphate supplement, antacid, or a source of calcium and phosphate in toothpaste [FDA Label] [3].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Potassium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Potassium nitrate has a chemical formula of KNO3. It is an ionic salt of potassium ions K+ and nitrate ions NO3− and is, therefore, an alkali metal nitrate. It is a natural source of nitrate and has been used as a constituent for several different purposes, including food preservatives, fertilizers, tree stump removal, rocket propellants, and fireworks. Potassium nitrate is a common active ingredient in toothpaste, exerting an anti-sensitivity action. It provides increasing protection against painful sensitivity of the teeth to cold, heat, acids, sweets or contact [13, 14].In addition, potassium nitrate is used as a diuretic in pigs, cattle, and horses. It is administered orally doses up to 30 g per animal per day [7].
4. Indication:  For the relief of tooth sensitivity, and is also used as a pesticide, insecticide, as a food additive, and a rodenticide [10, 13, 16].
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Phosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phosphoric Acid is a colorless, odorless phosphorus-containing inorganic acid. Phosphoric acid is a sequestering agent which binds many divalent cations, including Fe++, Cu++, Ca++, and Mg++.
4. Indication:  Phosphoric acid is used in dentistry and orthodontics as an etching solution, to clean and roughen the surfaces of teeth where dental appliances or fillings will be placed.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  M0002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M0002 is an orally-active selective vasopressin antagonist that inhibits water re-absorption from the kidneys. It is a vasopressin 2 antagonist and represents a new class of compounds – aquaretics – that produce profound diuresis without loss of electrolytes. It will be of major benefit to those patients not responding satisfactorily to diuretics alone.
4. Indication:  Vasopressin regulates renal water resorption through the V2 receptor. Inhibition of vasopressin’s effects on V2 receptors enhances water excretion and increases urinary output. M0002 is a Vasopressin 2 antagonis. It is an electrolyte-sparing aquaretic and causes much lower levels of salt excretion. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  V24343
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  The anti-obesity drug, V24343, acts by targeting the CB1 receptor in the brain and suppressing a person's appetite.
4. Indication:  Obesity related disorders such as cardiovascular disease and type II diabetes
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Pine needle oil (pinus mugo)
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Pine needle oil is obtained from the needles of Pinus mugo tree via steam distillation. Major components of pine needle oil (pinus mugo) include α-Pinene, β-pinene, δ-3-carene, limonene, β-phellandrene, (E)-caryophyllene, and germacrene D. It is present in aromatherapeutic agents as a massage oil or fragrance and may also be used as a disinfectant, lubricant, sanitizer, antimicrobial, insecticide and organic herbicide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Stannous fluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Stannous Fluoride, or Tn(II) Fluoride, is a compound commonly used in toothpastes for the prevention of gingivitis, dental infections, cavities, and to relieve dental hypersensitivity. Although similar in function and activity to Sodium Fluoride (NaF), the conventionally added ingredient in toothpastes, stannous fluoride has been shown to be more effective at stopping and reversing dental lesions [2]. It manages and prevents dental caries and gingivitis by promoting enamel mineralization [1], reducing gingival inflammation and bleeding [3, 4] through its potential broad-spectrum antibiotic effect and modulation of the microbial composition of the dental biofilm [2]. It is an FDA-approved over-the-counter product.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use to relieve dental hypersensitivity, increase enamel production, prevent gingivitis and cavities, and control periodontal infections. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Oleoyl-estrone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oleoyl-estrone (OE) is a fatty acid ester of estrone. It is a naturally circulating hormone in animals including humans. It was first reported in 1996 to cause a body fat loss effect in rats in the International Journal of Obesity and Related Metabolic Disorders. The animal research has all been conducted by the Nitrogen-Obesity Research Group of the University of Barcelona. The compound was found to potently induce body-fat loss while preserving protein stores in animals which is the ultimate goal of an anti-obesity agent as body protein loss is an undesired but inevitable (to some degree) side effect of fat loss via calorie restriction. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of obesity.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  G4544
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  G4544 is an oral gallium compound that enables oral absorption of the active ingredient contained in Ganite™ (gallium nitrate injection). It targets bone tissue and is actively incorporated into bone mineral at sites where bone is metabolically active.
4. Indication:  For treatment of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, bone metastases, Paget's disease, and osteoporosis
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Aminocaproic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antifibrinolytic agent that acts by inhibiting plasminogen activators which have fibrinolytic properties.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of excessive postoperative bleeding.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Tranexamic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antifibrinolytic hemostatic used in severe hemorrhage. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For use in patients with hemophilia for short term use (two to eight days) to reduce or prevent hemorrhage and reduce the need for replacement therapy during and following tooth extraction. It can also be used for excessive bleeding in menstruation, surgery, or trauma cases.
