DrugId:  1
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Beeswax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The wax obtained from the honeycomb of the bee. It consists primarily of myricyl palmitate, cerotic acid esters and some high-carbon paraffins. Beeswax is used as a stiffening agent in ointments and creams, and enables water to be incorporated to produce water-in-oil emulsions. It is also used as a coating in the manufacture of modified-release oral preparations
4. Indication:  Beeswax is also characterized by several therapeutic properties of great interest to us; it is thought to be particularly effective in healing bruises, inflammation and burns. Recently, the interest of researchers has moved even on antimicrobial properties of beeswax although there are still few studies in the literature focused only on the action of beeswax. The few studies showed an antimicrobic effectiveness of beeswax against overall Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella enterica, Candida albicans and Aspergillus niger. A sterile preparation of white beeswax, hard paraffin, and isopropyl palmitate (Sterile Surgical Bone Wax) is used to control bleeding from damaged bone during surgery. It should not be confused with Aseptic Surgical Wax (BPC 1949), also known as Horsley's Wax , which contained yellow beeswax, olive oil, and phenol in a mercuric chloride solution and was used to control haemorrhage in bone or cranial surgery.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  LM-609
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LM-609 (Vitaxin) is an artificial antibody that targets a protein on the surface of newly forming blood vessels, as well as on certain tumors. In addition to cancer, the protein has been implicated in bone destruction in rheumatoid arthritis and the inflammatory process in psoriasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in colorectal cancer, melanoma, prostate cancer, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, rheumatoid arthritis, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  MBT-0312
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MediGene's newly acquired drug candidates MBT-0312 aim at a novel method of cancer therapy by "starving out" tumors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Alferminogene Tadenovec
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Alferminogene Tadenovec is Cardium’s lead product candidate, is being developed for the potential treatment of myocardial ischemia that gives rise to angina symptoms associated with coronary heart disease. Alferminogene tadenovec represents a new therapeutic class of biologics designed to promote angiogenesis and thereby improve blood flow following a one-time intracoronary administration from a standard cardiac infusion catheter.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in angina, coronary artery disease, and heart disease.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Phenoxybenzamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha-adrenergic antagonist with long duration of action. It has been used to treat hypertension and as a peripheral vasodilator. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of phaeochromocytoma (malignant), benign prostatic hypertrophy and malignant essential hypertension.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  iCo-007
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  iCo-007 (formerly known as ISIS 13650) is a second generation antisense compound being developed by iCo for the treatment of various eye diseases caused by the formation of new blood vessels (angiogenesis) such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and diabetic retinopathy(DR).
4. Indication:  Various eye diseases
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  ADH-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Adherex's biotechnology compound, ADH-1, targets N-cadherin, a protein present on certain tumor cells and established tumor blood vessels. ADH-1 is currently in clinical development in a combination program with a range of chemotherapeutic agents to investigate the synergistic effects noted in our preclinical models. At the end of 2006, the Company also completed patient enrollment in our single-agent Phase Ib/II and Phase II trials of ADH-1.Cadherins are cell adhesion and cell signaling molecules crucial to the development of tissues, organs and organisms. Agents that target and inhibit cadherin function have the potential to attack the progression of cancer at two distinct points:* Direct targeting of cadherins expressed on cancer cells may disturb cadherin-mediated signaling, leading to apoptosis (death) of cancer cells.* Cadherin inhibitors may exploit the inherent structural weaknesses of the tumor vasculature, causing angiolysis (disruption of blood vessels) and tumor damage.As many tumors become more aggressive, invasive, and malignant, researchers have found that N-cadherin is expressed in greater amounts, making it an important target for developing anti-cancer treatments.Poorly differentiated, highly invasive carcinomas are characterized by over-expression of N-cadherin (as opposed to E-cadherin). This change in primary cadherin expression causes the epithelial cells to lose their tightly adherent, polarized and well-defined shape and become loosely adherent, flattened and migratory. Such cadherin switching promotes properties such as dedifferentiation, local invasion and metastasis, leading to poor prognosis.ADH-1 may have utility in a wide variety of cancers as N-cadherin is overexpressed in a variety of tumors. As tumors progress to become higher grade, invasive and more metastatic, the frequency of N-cadherin expression generally rises.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), melanoma, ovarian cancer, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  AGI-1096
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AGI-1096 is a novel oral antioxidant and selective anti-inflammatory agent that is being developed to address the accelerated inflammation of grafted blood vessels, known as transplant arteritis, common in chronic organ transplant rejection.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in transplant (rejection).
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Col-118
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  COL-118, a topical compound based on the SansRosa technology, for the treatment of redness associated with rosacea and other skin disorders. It is a believed to reduce erythema by constricting enlarged blood vessels in facial tissue. Col-118 is a unique formulation and presentation of Brimonidine, which is a selective alpha-2 adrenergic receptor agonist.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in skin infections/disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Verteporfin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Verteporfin, otherwise known as benzoporphyrin derivative (trade name Visudyne®), is a medication used as a photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy to eliminate the abnormal blood vessels in the eye associated with conditions such as the wet form of macular degeneration. Verteporfin accumulates in these abnormal blood vessels and, when stimulated by nonthermal red light with a wavelength of 693 nm in the presence of oxygen, produces highly reactive short-lived singlet oxygen and other reactive oxygen radicals, resulting in local damage to the endothelium and blockage of the vessels.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with predominantly classic subfoveal choroidal neovascularization due to age-related macular degeneration, pathologic myopia or presumed ocular histoplasmosis syndrome. Verteporfin can also be used to destroy tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  IRL-1620
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SPI-1620 is an endothelin B receptor agonist. In animal models SPI-1620 selectively and transiently increases tumor blood flow allowing increased delivery of anticancer agents to the tumor. It is being developed as an adjunct to chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Marimastat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Used in the treatment of cancer, Marmiastat is an angiogenesis and metastasis inhibitor. As an angiogenesis inhibitor it limits the growth and production of blood vessels. As an antimetatstatic agent it prevents malignant cells from breaching the basement membranes.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of various cancers
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  CYT006-AngQb
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CYT006-AngQb is a therapeutic vaccine in development for treatment of hypertension. It is designed to instruct the patient’s immune system to produce an antibody response against angiotensin II, a small peptide that causes blood vessels to narrow and results in increased blood pressure. It is a unique treatment modality that aims to address the issue of patient compliance by offering convenient dosing schedules due to the long-lasting effect induced by vaccination.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in hypertension.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Tandutinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MLN518 is a novel, oral, small molecule designed to inhibit type III receptor tyrosine kinases, including FLT3, (platelet-derived growth-factor receptor) PDGFR and c-KIT. Tyrosine kinases are enzymes involved in several cellular processes and are known to be activated in cancer cells to drive tumor growth. AML patients with FLT3 mutations experience earlier disease relapse and shorter survival rates compared to patients without these mutations. Approximately 25 to 30 percent of all adult AML patients have a mutation of the FLT3 gene. The use of MLN518 to treat AML has been granted fast-track status by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Phase I/II trials are underway.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  EW-A-401
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EW-A-401 is a circle of genetic material (plasmid DNA) that instructs the body to produce a genetically-engineered transcription factor, a protein that regulates expression of genes. This specific transcription factor has been shown in animal studies to increase expression of the VEGF-A gene, and to promote the growth of new blood vessels.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mequitazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hay fever, urticaria (hives) and allergic rhinitis
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  LY2275796
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LY2275796 is a second-generation antisense anti-cancer drug candidate for clinical development. LY2275796 targets eukaryotic initiation factor- 4E (eIF-4E), a protein involved in the translation of key growth and survival factors that drive tumor progression, angiogenesis and metastases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  AS1409
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AS1409 is a genetically engineered fusion protein made up of two distinct components. One is the cytokine IL12, which has anti-cancer activity. The other is an antibody that targets tumours. It is developed by Antisoma is in a phase I of clinical trial for the treatment of renal cancer and melanoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney cancer and melanoma.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Epinephrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The active sympathomimetic hormone from the adrenal medulla in most species. It stimulates both the alpha- and beta- adrenergic systems, causes systemic vasoconstriction and gastrointestinal relaxation, stimulates the heart, and dilates bronchi and cerebral vessels. It is used in asthma and cardiac failure and to delay absorption of local anesthetics. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat anaphylaxis and sepsis. Also one of the body's main adrenergic neurotransmitters.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  VEGF-AS
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VEGF-AS (Veglin) is an anti-angiogenesis non-chemotherapy drug (angiogenesis inhibitor) that was developed by VasGene Therapeutics, Inc. for the treatment of a variety of malignancies including mesothelioma. Veglin is one of several newly developed non-chemotherapy drugs being tested for possible utilization in the ongoing struggle to combat malignant mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sodium monofluorophosphate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is used in OTC dental preparations to help protect against cavities
4. Indication:  Sodium monofluorophosphate is indicated for the treatment of cavities
