DrugId:  1
1. Name:  PCL-016
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PCL-016 or Picolinic acid drug substance is a pyridine carboxylate metabolite of tryptophan. It acts as an anti-infective and immunomodulator and is produced in approximately 25-50 mg quantities by the body on a daily basis through the breakdown of tryptophan. PCL-016 plays a key role in zinc transport. As a therapeutic agent, the molecule works by binding to zinc finger proteins (ZFPs) in a way that changes their structures and disrupts zinc binding, inhibiting function. ZFPs are involved in viral replication and packaging as well as normal cell homeostatic functions. Picolinic acid has been shown to be an anti-viral in vitro and in vivo, and sometimes works in conjunction with other cytokines such as interferon gamma to affect immune responses. Acne vulgaris, herpes and other viral infections therefore pose potential therapeutic targets of PCL-016.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acne, herpes labialis infections (cold sores), and venereal disease.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Reteplase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 355 residues purified from CHO cells. Retavase is considered a "third-generation" thrombolytic agent, genetically engineered to retain and delete certain portions of human tPA. Retavase is a deletion mutein of human tPA formed by deleting various amino acids present in endogenous human tPA. Retavase contains 355 of the 527 amino acids of native human tPA (amino acids 1-3 and 176-527), and retains the activity-related kringle-2 and serine protease domains of human tPA. Three domains are deleted from retavase - kringle-1, finger, and epidermal growth factor (EGF).
4. Indication:  For lysis of acute pulmonary emboli, intracoronary emboli and management of myocardial infarction
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  RP5063
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP5063, also known as RP5000, is an investigational atypical antipsychotic which is under development by Reviva Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder. Reviva Pharmaceuticals also intends to investigate RP5063 for the treatment of bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder, psychosis/agitation associated with Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease psychosis, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADD/ADHD), and autism. As of May 2015, it is in phase III clinical trials for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for the treatement of schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorder.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Prochlorperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used principally in the treatment of nausea; vomiting; and vertigo. It is more likely than chlorpromazine to cause extrapyramidal disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p612)
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic management of psychotic disorders, short term management of nonpsychotic anxiety in patients with generalized anxiety disorder, and for the control of severe nausea and vomiting of various causes.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Ammonia
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ammonia is a naturally-occurring compound with a chemical formula NH3 and structure of trigonal pyramidal geometry. It is a colorless gas with a pungent smell, and become NH4, or ammonium ion, when in water. Although ammonia is used as a food additive in the anhydrous form and serves as a starting material in pharmaceutical and commercial products, it is caustic and hazardous when concentrated. Ammonia gas has been used in the clinical setting as a respiratory stimulant to prevent fainting. The radiolabelled form of ammonia, ammonia N 13, is intravenously administered as a radioactive diagnostic agent for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium to evaluate myocardial perfusion. Ammonia is a natural byproduct of biological and chemical reactions, including decomposition of organic matter, including plants, animals, and animal wastes. It is present in normally present in all tissues constituting a metabolic pool, where it is mostly taken up by glutamic acid and take part in transamination and other reactions, including the synthesis of protein by the Krebs-Hanseleit cycle in the liver [5]. It is proposed that human adults produce about 1000 mmol of ammonia daily, most of which undergoes excretion in the urine.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as a smelling salt to treat or prevent fainting. (when radiolabelled) Indicated for diagnostic PET imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate myocardial perfusion in patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Vemurafenib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vemurafenib is a competitive kinase inhibitor with activity against BRAF kinase with mutations like V600E.[2] It exerts its function by binding to the ATP-binding domain of the mutant BRAF.[3] Vemurafenib was co-developed by Roche and Plexxikon and it obtained its FDA approval on August 17, 2011, under the company Hoffmann La Roche. After approval, Roche in collaboration with Genentech launched a broad development program. [8]
4. Indication:  Vemurafenib is approved since 2011 for the treatment of metastatic melanoma with a mutation on BRAF in the valine located in the exon 15 at codon 600, this mutation is denominated as V600E.[3] The V600E mutation, a substitution of glutamic acid for valine, accounts for 54% of the cases of cutaneous melanoma.[4]Vemurafenib approval was extended in 2017, for its use as a treatment of adult patients with Erdheim-Chester Disease whose cancer cells present BRAF V600 mutation.[9] Erdheim-Chester disease is an extremely rare histiocyte cell disorder that affects large bones, large vessels, central nervous system, as well as, skin and lungs. It is reported an association of Erdheim-Chester disease and V600E mutation.[5]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  TC-5231
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TC-5231 is a small molecule that has been under investigation as an oral treatment for ADHD (Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder). TC-5231 is mecamylamine hydrochloride, the active ingredient in FDA-approved product, Inversine, but in a lower dose than Inversine. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), neurologic disorders, and tourette's syndrome.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  IGN301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IGN301 is a cancer vaccine based on an anti-idiotypic antibody which provokes an immune response to Lewis Y. Lewis Y is a carbohydrate molecule expressed on the surface of tumor cells of epithelial origin (e.g. lung, intestinal, breast, prostate or ovarian cancers).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Alteplase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human tissue plasminogen activator, purified, glycosylated, 527 residues purified from CHO cells
4. Indication:  For management of acute myocardial infarction, acute ischemic strok and for lysis of acute pulmonary emboli
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tenecteplase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tissue plasminogen activator (tPA). Tenecteplase is a 527 amino acid glycoprotein developed by introducing the following modifications to the complementary DNA (cDNA) for natural human tPA: a substitution of threonine 103 with asparagine, and a substitution of asparagine 117 with glutamine, both within the kringle 1 domain, and a tetra-alanine substitution at amino acids 296-299 in the protease domain.
4. Indication:  For treatment of myocardial infarction and lysis of intracoronary emboli
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ADX-10061
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADX10061 is a potent, selective antagonist of the dopamine D1 receptor. It is developed by Addex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of nicotine dependence.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in sleep disorders, smoking cessation, and substance abuse.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lanicemine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lanicemine has been used in trials studying the treatment and basic science of Depression, Major Depressive Disorder, and Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated)
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eptacog alfa pegol (activated) has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Haemophilia A, Haemophilia B, Congenital Bleeding Disorder, Haemophilia B With Inhibitors, and Haemophilia A With Inhibitors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  RP01
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  RP01 is a novel anti-IgE immunotherapy for allergic individuals. It is designed to induce the immune system to produce antibodies that block Immunoglobulin E (IgE), the key mediator of an allergic response. It could offer benefit to millions of asthma and allergy patients.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in allergic reaction and asthma.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  lymphotoxin beta receptor
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lymphotoxin beta receptor is a receptor for lymphotoxin.The protein encoded by this gene is a member of the tumor necrosis factor (TNF) family of receptors. It is expressed on the surface of most cell types, including cells of epithelial and myeloid lineages, but not on T and B lymphocytes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Concizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Concizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Haemophilia A and Congenital Bleeding Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dasotraline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dasotraline is a serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine reuptake inhibitor (SNDRI) that is under investigation for the treatment of Binge Eating Disorder, Adult Attention Hyperactivity Disorder, Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, and Adult Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Trimethobenzamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Trimethobenzamide is a novel antiemetic which prevents nausea and vomiting in humans. Its actions are unclear but most likely involves the chemoreceptor trigger zone (CTZ). In dogs pretreated with trimethobenzamide HCl, the emetic response to apomorphine is inhibited, while little or no protection is afforded against emesis induced by intragastric copper sulfate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting and for nausea associated with gastroenteritis.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  NX-1207
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  NX-1207 is an investigational new drug for BPH, whose chemical entity and mechanism of action remain undisclosed. Nymox Pharmaceutical Corporation recently completed studies of NX-1207 for treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in benign prostatic hyperplasia.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  GSK-424887
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gsk424887 has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Depressive Disorder and Anxiety Disorder.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Orvepitant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Orvepitant has been used in trials studying the treatment of Depressive Disorder, Depressive Disorder, Major, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  BL-1020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BL-1020 is a first in class novel compound for the treatment of schizophrenia. It is being developed by BioLineRx (BioLine).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  ACA 125
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An IgG1 murine monoclonal anti-idiotype antibody (Ab2), ACA-125, was developed to bind to anti-CA 125 antibodies. ACA-125 mimics the tumor-associated antigen CA-125, which can be detected in about 80% of ovarian carcinomas.This new concept of oncological immunotherapy consists of an attempt to trigger the immune system of the host to respond against tumor cells. Antiidiotypic antibodies bearing the internal image of an antigen expressed on the surface of the tumor are suited to this approach. To create ACA-125, a hybridoma cell was adapted to serum-free medium and antibody was produced in a hollow fiber cell culture system. Positive clinical results are now being reported.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in ovarian cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Diphenidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Diphenidol is an antiemetic agent used in the treatment of vomiting and vertigo. Diphenidol overdose may result in serious toxicity in children.
4. Indication:  For use in the prevention and symptomatic treatment of peripheral (labyrinthine) vertigo and associated nausea and vomiting that occur in such conditions as Meniere's disease and surgery of the middle and inner ear. Also for the control of nausea and vomiting associated with postoperative states, malignant neoplasms, labyrinthine disturbances, antineoplastic agent therapy, radiation sickness, and infectious diseases.
