DrugId:  1
1. Name:  LIC-477
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LIC-477is indicated to be suitable for the treatment of psychosomatic disturbances, epilepsy, trigeminal neuralgia and cerebral spasticity. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bipolar disorders.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  L-Baclofen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  L-Baclofen has been used in trials studying the treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Naratriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Naratriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Carbamazepine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used to control grand mal and psychomotor or focal seizures. Its mode of action is not fully understood, but some of its actions resemble those of phenytoin; although there is little chemical resemblance between the two compounds, their three-dimensional structure is similar. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of epilepsy and pain associated with true trigeminal neuralgia. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Eletriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Eletriptan is a second generation triptan drug developed by Pfizer Inc for the treatment of migraine headaches. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Zolmitriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Zolmitriptan is a synthetic tryptamine derivative and appears as a white powder that is readily soluble in water. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of adult migraine with or without auras.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Alrestatin
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Racepinephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Racepinephrine is a racemic mixture consisting of d-Epinephrine and l-Epinephrine enantiomers. Epinephrine is a non-selective α- and β-adrenergic receptor agonist. It is a bronchodilator used in the temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma including wheezing, tightness of chest and shortness of breath. It is an active ingredient in oral inhalation over-the-counter products as racepinephrine hydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for temporary relief of mild symptoms of intermittent asthma.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Rizatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rizatriptan is a triptan drug used for the treatment of migraine headaches. It is a selective 5-hydroxytryptamine1 receptor subtype agonist.
4. Indication:  For treatment of acute migraine attacks with or without aura.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tetraethylammonium
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Tetraethylammonium is an experimental drug with no approved indication or marketed formulation. The only marketed drug containing tetraethylammonium was a combination drug called Fosglutamina B6, but this drug has now been discontinued. As an experimental agent, tetraethylammonium is used in its salt forms such as tetraethylammonium chloride and tetraethylammonium bromide. Its mechanism of action is still being investigated, but it is known that tetraethylammonium blocks autonomic ganglia, calcium- and voltage- activated potassium channels, and nicotinic acetylcholine receptors. Because of its inhibitory actions at the autonomic ganglia, tetraethylammonium was thought to be a potential therapeutic vasodilator but serious toxic effects were found. The most common use of tetraethylammonium presently is as a pharmacological research agent that blocks selective potassium channels. Structurally, tetraethylammonium is positively charged due to its central quaternary ammonium.
4. Indication:  Tetraethylammonium is an experimental drug with no approved indication.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Chlorphenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its mode of action is unknown. Chlorphenesin is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used, along with rest and physical therapy, to treat injuries and other painful muscular conditions. Investigated for use in trigeminal neuralgia (tic douloureux), a neuropathic disorder characterized by severe facial pain. Was investigated as a modulator of histamine release.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Almotriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Almotriptan is a triptan drug for the treatment of migraine headaches. Almotriptan is in a class of medications called selective serotonin receptor agonists. It works by narrowing blood vessels in the brain, stopping pain signals from being sent to the brain, and stopping the release of certain natural substances that cause pain, nausea, and other symptoms of migraine. Almotriptan does not prevent migraine attacks.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute migraine headache in adults
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ethylmorphine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  A narcotic analgesic and antitussive. It is metabolized in the liver by ethylmorphine-N-demethylase and used as an indicator of liver function. It is not marketed in the US but is approved for use in various countries around the world. In the US it is a schedule II drug (single-entity) and schedule III drug (in combination products).
4. Indication:  Ethylmorphine is an analgesic used for pain relief.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Olcegepant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals’ olcegepant (BIBN 4096) is a selective Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide (CGRP) antagonist, a new class of drugs in development for the treatment of acute migraine attacks. Olcegepant is undergoing phase II trials in Europe and the US, with preliminary results suggesting that CGRP antagonists may represent a potential new approach to the treatment of migraine.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine headaches.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Homatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Homatropine is an anticholinergic drug that acts as an antagonist at muscarinic acetylcholine receptors. It is present in antitussives, under the trade name Hycodan, in combination with hydrocodone (dihydrocodeinone) bitartrate indicated for the symptomatic relief of cough as oral tablets or solutions. Homatropine is included in subtherapeutic amounts as homatropine methylbromide to discourage deliberate overdosage. Homatropine hydrobromide has been administered as ophthalmic solutions as a cycloplegic to temporarily paralyze accomodation, and to induce mydriasis (the dilation of the pupil); however such therapeutic use has not been approved by the FDA to be safe and effective.
4. Indication:  Indicated as an overdose-rescuing agent in combination with hydrocodone antitussive [FDA Label].Indicated for the induction of mydriasis in ophthalmic solutions. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Moxaverine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Moxaverine has been investigated for the treatment of Retina, Ocular Physiology, and Regional Blood Flow.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  AP-1034
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AP-1034 utilizes Antares Pharma's proprietary advanced transdermal delivery (ATD(TM)) gel technology designed to allow delivery of active substances across the skin. The oxybutynin formulation is a cosmetic quality, clear and odorless gel designed to be rapidly absorbed through the skin following once-a-day application on the abdomen, shoulders or thighs.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tramazoline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tramazoline is under investigation in clinical trial NCT01601509 (Nasal Tramazoline and Dexamethazone in Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA) Patients Tramazoline and).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ipecacuanha
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Ipecacuanha was first discovered in Brazil in the 1600s. It is derived from the plant Cephaelis ipecacuanha and is known to releases 5-hydroxytryptamin to induce nausea and vomiting. Although it is not currently used in clinical practice, ipecacuanha was used to treat flux (dysentery).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ibudilast
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ibudilast is an anti-inflammatory and neuroprotective oral agent which shows an excellent safety profile at 60 mg/day and provides significantly prolonged time-to-first relapse and attenuated brain volume shrinkage in patients with relapsing-remitting (RR) and/or secondary progressive (SP) multiple sclerosis (MS). Ibudilast is currently in development in the U.S. (codes: AV-411 or MN-166), but is approved for use as an antiinflammatory in Japan.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of multiple sclerosis, asthma, and cerebrovascular disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Synephrine
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Synephrine, or, more specifically, p-synephrine, is an alkaloid, occurring naturally in some plants and animals, and also in approved drugs products as its m-substituted analog known as neo-synephrine. p-synephrine (or formerly Sympatol and oxedrine [BAN]) and m-synephrine are known for their longer acting adrenergic effects compared to norepinephrine.There has been some confusion about the biological effects of synephrine because of the similarity of this un-prefixed name to the names m-synephrine, Meta-synephrine and Neosynephrine, all of which refer to a related drug and naturally-occurring amine more commonly known as phenylephrine. Although there are chemical and pharmacological similarities between synephrine and phenylephrine, they are nevertheless different substances.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Insulin Lispro
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Insulin lispro is a recombinant human insulin analogue produced in a specialized laboratory strain of Escherischia coli. Plasmid DNA transfected into the bacteria encodes for an analogue of human insulin that has a lysine at residuce B28 and proline at B29; these residues are reversed in endogenous human insulin. Reversal of these amino acid residues produces a rapid-acting insulin analogue. FDA approved on 1996.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Type 1 or 2 diabetes mellitus. To be used in conjunction with an intermediate or long-acting insulin except when used in a continuous insulin infusion pump. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Frovatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Frovatriptan is a triptan drug developed by Vernalis for the treatment of migraine headaches, in particular those associated with menstruation. Frovatriptan causes vasoconstriction of arteries and veins that supply blood to the head.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura in adults.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dihydroergotamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A 9,10alpha-dihydro derivative of ergotamine. It is used as a vasoconstrictor, specifically for the therapy of migraine disorders.
4. Indication:  For the acute treatment of migraine headaches with or without aura and the acute treatment of cluster headache episodes.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sumatriptan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A serotonin agonist that acts selectively at 5HT1 receptors. It is used in the treatment of migraine disorders. A transdermal patch version of sumatriptan is currently in phase I trials in the U.S. under the code name NP101 (NuPathe).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of migraine attacks with or without aura.
