DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Nonoxynol-9
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nonoxynol-9 (N-9) is a typical surfactant used as a vaginal spermicide. Spermicides are locally acting non-hormonal contraceptives. When present in the vagina during intercourse, they immobilize/inactivate/damage and/or kill sperms without eliciting systemic effects. N-9 has been in use for more than 30 years as an over-the-counter (OTC) drug in creams, gels, foams and condom lubricants. It is the most commonly used spermicidal contraceptive in the UK and the USA. In several European countries, spermicides are no longer on the market.
4. Indication:  Nonoxynol 9 is a surfactant spermicide used for contraception in spermicidal creams, jellies, foams, gel, and lubricants. It is also used in conjuction with other methods of contraception, including condoms, cervical caps and diaphragms.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluoxymesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anabolic steroid that has been used in the treatment of male hypogonadism, delayed puberty in males, and in the treatment of breast neoplasms in women. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  In males, used as replacement therapy in conditions associated with symptoms of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. In females, for palliation of androgenresponsive recurrent mammary cancer in women who are more than one year but less than five years postmenopausal.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain danish 1331 live antigen
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BCG SSI has been used in trials studying Tuberculosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Testosterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone is a steroid sex hormone found in both men and women. In men, testosterone is produced primarily by the Leydig (interstitial) cells of the testes when stimulated by luteinizing hormone (LH). It functions to stimulate spermatogenesis, promote physical and functional maturation of spermatozoa, maintain accessory organs of the male reproductive tract, support development of secondary sexual characteristics, stimulate growth and metabolism throughout the body and influence brain development by stimulating sexual behaviors and sexual drive. In women, testosterone is produced by the ovaries (25%), adrenals (25%) and via peripheral conversion from androstenedione (50%). Testerone in women functions to maintain libido and general wellbeing. Testosterone exerts a negative feedback mechanism on pituitary release of LH and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH). Testosterone may be further converted to dihydrotestosterone or estradiol depending on the tissue.
4. Indication:  To be used as hormone replacement or substitution of diminished or absent endogenous testosterone. Use in males: For management of congenital or acquired hypogonadism, hypogonadism associated with HIV infection, and male climacteric (andopause). Use in females: For palliative treatment of androgen-responsive, advanced, inoperable, metastatis (skeletal) carcinoma of the breast in women who are 1-5 years postmenopausal; testosterone esters may be used in combination with estrogens in the management of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with menopause in women who do not respond to adequately to estrogen therapy alone.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rifabutin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum antibiotic that is being used as prophylaxis against disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex infection in HIV-positive patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of disseminated Mycobacterium avium complex (MAC) disease in patients with advanced HIV infection.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tuberculin Purified Protein Derivative (PPD) is a sterile aqueous solution of a purified protein fraction for intradermal administration as an aid in the diagnosis of tuberculosis. The diagnostic test is commonly referred to as the Mantoux test which serves to minimize the risk of transmission of infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis through early diagnosis and appropriate therapeutic intervention. The purified protein fraction is isolated from culture media filtrates of a human strain of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. It is included in the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines.
4. Indication:  Indicated as a diagnostic agent in Mantoux Test used to detect infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  HSV-2 theracine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HSV-2 theracine is an attenuated recombinant vaccine developed by AuRx for the treatment of genital herpes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Terizidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Terizidone has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tuberculosis, HIV Infections, Multidrug Resistant Tuberculosis, and Extensively-drug Resistant Tuberculosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  BCG vaccine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BCG vaccine has been investigated for the treatment of Neoplasms, Bladder Cancer, Neoplasms by Site, Urologic Diseases, and Urologic Neoplasms, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Methyltestosterone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anabolic steroid used for treating men with testosterone deficiency or similar androgen replacement therapies. Also, has antineoplastic properties and so has been used secondarily in women with advanced breast cancer. Methyltestosterone is a schedule III drug in the US.
4. Indication:  Methyltestosterone is an anabolic steroid hormone used to treat men with a testosterone deficiency. It is also used in women to treat breast cancer, breast pain, swelling due to pregnancy, and with the addition of estrogen it can treat symptoms of menopause.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Delamanid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Delamanid is an anti-tuberculosis agent derived from the nitro-dihydro-imidazooxazole class of compounds that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis of bacterial cell wall [1]. It is used in the treatment of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB) in a combination regimen. Emergence of multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis creates clinical challenges for patients, as the disease is associated with a higher mortality rate and insufficient therapeutic response to standardized antituberculosis treatments as Isoniazid and Rifampicin. Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis may also require more than 2 years of chemotherapy and second-line therapies with narrow therapeutic index [4]. In a clinical study involving patients with pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis or extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis, treatment of delamanid in combination with WHO-recommended optimised background treatment regimen was associated with improved treatment outcomes and reduced mortality rate [1]. Spontaneous resistance to delamanid was observed during treatment, where mutation in one of the 5 F420 coenzymes responsible for bioactivation of delamanid contributes to this effect [6]. Delamanid is approved by the EMA and is marketed under the trade name Deltyba as oral tablets. It is marketed by Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Tokyo, Japan).
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as part of an appropriate combination regimen for pulmonary multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) in adult patients when an effective treatment regimen cannot otherwise be composed for reasons of resistance or tolerability [6].
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sivifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, and skin cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pyrazinamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A pyrazine that is used therapeutically as an antitubercular agent.
4. Indication:  For the initial treatment of active tuberculosis in adults and children when combined with other antituberculous agents.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Cyproterone acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anti-androgen that, in the form of its acetate (cyproterone acetate), also has progestational properties. It is used in the treatment of hypersexuality in males, as a palliative in prostatic carcinoma, and, in combination with estrogen, for the therapy of severe acne and hirsutism in females. [Pubchem]
4. Indication:  For the palliative treatment of patients with advanced prostatic carcinoma.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Ethionamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A second-line antitubercular agent that inhibits mycolic acid synthesis. It also may be used for treatment of leprosy. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p868)
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of pulmonary and extrapulmonary tuberculosis when other antitubercular drugs have failed.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Benzocaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A surface anesthetic that acts by preventing transmission of impulses along nerve fibers and at nerve endings. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For general use as a lubricant and topical anesthetic on esophagus, larynx, mouth, nasal cavity, rectum, respiratory tract or trachea, urinary tract, vagina. It is also used to suppress gag reflex.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dienogest
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dienogest is an orally-active semisynthetic progestogen which also possesses the properties of 17α-hydroxyprogesterone. It is a derivative of 19-nortestosterone and has antiandrogenic properties. It is primarily used as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol, or in other combination form pills approved in United States and Europe however it is not available in the US by itself. In Europe, Australia, Malaysia, Singapore and Japan, dienogest single therapy is an approved treatment for endometriosis to alleviate painful symptoms of endometriosis and reduce endometriotic lesions [1]. Dienogest is commonly marketed as Visanne, Natazia and Qlaira.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use as the treatment of endometriosis alone and as a contraceptive in combination with ethinylestradiol. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Promestriene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Promestriene has been used in trials studying the prevention of Hypospadias.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  AG-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AG-702 is a recombinant human heat shock protein also known as stress protein. It is also known as HSPs, which are a group of proteins that are induced when a cell undergoes various types of environmental stresses like heat, cold and oxygen deprivation. HSPs are present in all cells in all life forms from bacteria to mammals, and their structure and function are similar across these diverse life forms. This drug is developed by antigenics for the treatment of genital herpes infection and is under phase I of clinical trial.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in genital herpes.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bacillus calmette-guerin substrain tice live antigen is a vaccine containing attenuated live culture preparation of the Bacillus of Calmette and Guerin (BCG) strain of Mycobacterium bovis for percutaneous use. It is administered to prevent the development of tuberculosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  99mTc-Ciprofloxacin is a new formulation of ciprofloxacin (INFECTON), being investigated as a radioimaging agent for the potential diagnosis of infection, including fever of unknown origin, osteomyelitis, wound infection, abdominal abscess, pneumonia, appendicitis and tuberculosis. INFECTON combines the widely used antibiotic, ciprofloxacin, with Technetium ((99m)Tc), the most commonly used radioisotope in nuclear medical imaging There is currently controversy around the drug's ability to discriminate between sterile inflammation and bacterial versus nonbacterial infections.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Sutezolid
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sutezolid has been used in trials studying the treatment of Tuberculosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Rifapentine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rifapentine is an antibiotic drug used in the treatment of tuberculosis. It inhibits DNA-dependent RNA polymerase activity in susceptible cells. Specifically, it interacts with bacterial RNA polymerase but does not inhibit the mammalian enzyme.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ethambutol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antitubercular agent that inhibits the transfer of mycolic acids into the cell wall of the tubercle bacillus. It may also inhibit the synthesis of spermidine in mycobacteria. The action is usually bactericidal, and the drug can penetrate human cell membranes to exert its lethal effect. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p863)
4. Indication:  For use, as an adjunct, in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis.
