DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Brentuximab vedotin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Brentuximab vedotin, also known as Adcetris®, is an antibody-drug conjugate that combines an anti-CD30 antibody with the drug monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE). It is an anti-neoplastic agent used in the treatment of Hodgkin's lymphoma and systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma. Brentuximab vedotin was initially approved in 2011. In January 2012, the drug label was revised with a boxed warning of a condition known as progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy and death due to opportunistic JC virus infection post treatment [5]. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Adcetris in March 2018 to treat adult patients with previously untreated stage III or IV classical Hodgkin lymphoma (cHL) in combination with chemotherapy [5].Adcetris has also been previously approved by the FDA to treat Hodgkin's lymphoma after relapse, Hodgkin's lymphoma after stem cell transplantation when a patient has a high risk of relapse or progression, systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma (ALCL) after the failure of other treatment regimens, and primary cutaneous ALCL after failure of other treatment regimens [5].Lymphoma is a malignancy that begins in the lymphatic system, which helps to combat infection and disease. Lymphoma may begin anywhere in the body and can spread to nearby lymph nodes. The two main types of lymphoma are Hodgkin lymphoma (also called Hodgkin disease) and non-Hodgkin lymphoma. Most individuals with Hodgkin's lymphoma have the classical type. In this type of lymphoma, large, abnormal lymphocytes (a type of white blood cell) are found in the lymph nodes called Reed-Sternberg cells. With early diagnosis and intervention, patients with Hodgkin lymphoma normally experience long-term remission [5].The ECHELON-1 study results demonstrated superior efficacy of the drug combined with a chemotherapy regimen when it is compared to the previous standard of care. Importantly, removing the drug bleomycin, a highly toxic agent, was completely removed from the regimen. This demonstrates meaningful progress in treatment for patients affected by this disease [6].
4. Indication:  Seattle Genetics Announced FDA Approval of ADCETRIS® (Brentuximab Vedotin) in combination with chemotherapy for adults with previously untreated stage III or IV Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma in March 2018 [5, 6].Hodgkin lymphoma after failure of autologous stem cell transplant (ASCT) or after failure of at least two prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimens in patients who are not ASCT candidates [FDA Label], [5].Systemic anaplastic large cell lymphoma after failure of at least one prior multi-agent chemotherapy regimen [FDA Label].
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Obinutuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Obinutuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia. It was approved by the FDA in November 2013 and is marketed under the brand name Gazyva. There is a black box warning of fatal Hepatitis B Virus (HBV) reactivation and fatal Progressive Multifocal Leukoencephalopathy (PML).
4. Indication:  Obinutuzumab is used as a combination treatment with chlorambucil to treat patients with untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Blinatumomab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Blinatumomab is a BiTE-class (bi-specific T-cell engagers) constructed monoclonal antibody indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Blinatumomab is manufactured by Amgen Inc. and marketed under the brand Blincyto™. A full treatment regimen consisting of two cycles of four weeks each, is priced at $178 000 USD. Blinatumomab was approved in December 2014 under the FDA’s accelerated approval program, which allows approval of a drug to treat a serious or life-threatening disease based on clinical data showing the drug has an effect on a surrogate endpoint reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit to patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of Philadelphia chromosome-negative relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Talimogene laherparepvec
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Talimogene laherparepvec is an oncolytic treatment used in local treatment of unresectable cutaneous, subcutaneous, and nodal lesions in patients with recurrent melanoma. It is a genetically administered herpes simplex virus 1 (HSV-1) that expresses human cytokine granulocyte-macrophage colony stimulating factor (GM-CSF) with antitumor and immune-stimulating activities. It specifically replicates within tumor cells and causes lysis. It was approved by the FDA in 2015 under the market name Imlygic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Belinostat
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Belinostat is a novel agent that inhibits the enzyme histone deacetylase (HDAC) with a sulfonamide-hydroxamide structure. It was developed as an orphan drug to target hematological malignancies and solid tumors by TopoTarget. The safety and efficacy of belinostat is currently being evaluated for use in combination with traditional front-line therapies for the treatment of PTCL. Intravenous administration of the agent is available as Beleodaq as monotherapy and the dosing regimen involves a 21-day cycle. It was US-approved in July 2014 as a therapeutic agent for relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma.
4. Indication:  Belinostat is indicated for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma (PTCL) with manageable safety profile. It is a potential alternative therapy for patients who did not experience adequate response to first-line drugs for PTCL. It can be used in patients with baseline thrombocytopenia [2]. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Venetoclax
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Venetoclax is an oral selective inhibitor of B-Cell Lymphoma-2 (BCL-2), an antiapoptotic protein that plays a key role in the development of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) cells. BCL-2 and its related proteins BCL-XL and MCL-1 bind to and sequester pro-apoptotic signals in the cell, causing a down-regulation of apoptosis. As an oncogene and an important regulator of apoptosis, BCL-2 overexpression therefore results in increased tumour cell survival and resistance to chemotherapy. Venetoclax helps restore the process of apoptosis by binding directly to the BCL-2 protein, displacing pro-apoptotic proteins like BIM, triggering mitochondrial outer membrane permeabilization and the activation of caspases. Compared to navitoclax, a duel inhibitor of BCL-2 and BCL-XL, venetoclax use results in significantly less platelet killing and thrombocytopenia. This is due to its specificity for BCL-2 and sparing of BCL-XL, which is required for platelet survival. In 2015, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Breakthrough Therapy Designation to venetoclax for patients with CLL who have relapsed or have been refractory to previous treatment and have the 17p deletion genetic mutation. It was approved by the FDA in April 2016.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion, as detected by an FDA approved test, who have received at least one prior therapy.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Rasburicase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rasburicase is a recombinant urate-oxidase enzyme produced by a genetically modified Saccharomyces cerevisiae strain. The cDNA coding for rasburicase was cloned from a strain of Aspergillus flavus.
4. Indication:  For treatment of hyperuricemia, reduces elevated plasma uric acid levels (from chemotherapy)
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bendamustine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bendamustine is a nitrogen mustard drug indicated for use in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) that has progressed during or within six months of treatment with rituximab or a rituximab-containing regimen. Bendamustine is a bifunctional mechlorethamine derivative capable of forming electrophilic alkyl groups that covalently bond to other molecules. Through this function as an alkylating agent, bendamustine causes intra- and inter-strand crosslinks between DNA bases resulting in cell death. It is active against both active and quiescent cells, although the exact mechanism of action is unknown.
4. Indication:  Bendamustine is indicated for use in the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) and indolent B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) that has progressed during or within six months of treatment with rituximab or a rituximab-containing regimen.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Daratumumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Daratumumab is an anti-cancer drug indicated for multiple myeloma in patients who have received at least 3 prior treatments. It was granted accelerated approval by the FDA in November 2016. Marketed under the brand name Darzalex by Janssen Biotech, daratumumab is the first monoclonal antibody injection approved for this indication and provides another options for patients with multiple myeloma resistant to other therapies. Daratumumab induces apoptosis of cancer cells by targeting the CD38 epitope, which is highly expressed on haematological malignancies. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least three prior lines of therapy (a proteasome inhibitor (PI) and an immunomodulatory agent) or who are double-refractory to a PI and an immunomodulatory agent. This indication was approved by accelerated approval based on response rate.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  GTI 2040
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GTI-2040 is a substance that is being studied as a treatment for cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called antisense oligonucleotides.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, colorectal cancer, leukemia (myeloid), leukemia (unspecified), myelodysplastic syndrome, prostate cancer, renal cell carcinoma, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dactolisib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dactolisib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Solid Tumor, Renal Cancer, Breast Cancer, and Cowden Syndrome, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  ABT-869
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ABT-869 is a small molecule vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptor-based kinase inhibitor that is designed to suppress tumor growth by preventing the formation of new blood vessels that supply the tumor with oxygen and nutrients and by inhibiting key angiogenic signaling pathways. ABT-869 is intended for the treatment of hematologic malignancies and the solid tumors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid), myelodysplastic syndrome, and solid tumors.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Olaparib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Olaparib is an inhibitor of poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase (PARP) enzymes, including PARP1, PARP2, and PARP3. PARP enzymes are involved in normal cellular homeostasis, such as DNA transcription, cell cycle regulation, and DNA repair. Olaparib has been shown to inhibit growth of select tumor cell lines in vitro and decrease tumor growth in mouse xenograft models of human cancer both as monotherapy or following platinum-based chemotherapy. Increased cytotoxicity and anti-tumor activity following treatment with olaparib were noted in cell lines and mouse tumor models with deficiencies in BRCA. In vitro studies have shown that olaparib-induced cytotoxicity may involve inhibition of PARP enzymatic activity and increased formation of PARP-DNA complex, resulting in disruption of cellular homeostasis and cell death.Olaparib is available as oral tablets marketed under the brand name Lynparza and was initially indicated as a maintenance therapy or monotherapy for the treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer. On January 12, 2018, FDA expanded the approved use of Lynparza to include chemotherapy-experienced patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer. In a randomized clinical trial involving patients with HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer with a germline BRCA mutation, the median progression-free survival for patients taking Lynparza was 7 months compared to 4.2 months for patients taking chemotherapy only. Patient selection for this newly-approved indication can be performed based on an FDA-approved genetic test, called the BRACAnalysis CDx.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the maintenance treatment of adult patients with recurrent epithelial ovarian, fallopian tube or primary peritoneal cancer, who are in a complete or partial response to platinum-based chemotherapy.Indicated as monotherapy in patients with deleterious or suspected deleterious germline BRCA mutated (as detected by an FDA-approved test) advanced ovarian cancer who have been treated with three or more prior lines of chemotherapy.Indicated for the treatment of patients with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutated, human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2)-negative metastatic breast cancer, who have been previously treated with chemotherapy.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Foretinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Foretinib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cancer, Breast Cancer, Carcinoma, Renal Cell, Recurrent Breast Cancer, and Neoplasms, Head and Neck, among others. Foretinib is an orally available small molecule compound designed to target multiple RTKs implicated in the development, progression and spread of cancer. It inhibits the activation of MET, RON, ERK and AKT, decreased proliferation and increased apoptosis.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Telotristat ethyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Telotristat only approved oral therapy for carcinoid syndrome diarrhea. Telotristat was approved by the FDA in March, 2017 as Xermelo.
4. Indication:  As a serotonin synthesis inhibitor, telotristat etiprate, has the potential to reduce serotonin levels and address the key elements of carcinoid syndrome. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  WF10
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  WF10 is a chlorite-based, immunomodulating drug is developed by Nuvo Research Inc. Certain preclinical evidence and clinical pilot data suggest that WF10 may be effective in treating certain cancers. The Corporation believes the research to-date demonstrates that WF10 acts on macrophages (a type of white blood cell) by modulating the balance between inflammation and phagocytosis, a state in which the body digests foreign, potentially harmful substances. The Corporation has commenced a Phase II clinical trial in an effort to demonstrate the efficacy of WF10 in combination with Xeloda (capecitabine) in the treatment of pancreatic cancer. The trial is being conducted in Germany at the University of Heidelberg and the National Centre for Tumor Diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and aids-related infections, cancer/tumors (unspecified), HIV infection, and inflammatory disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Sapacitabine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors, cutaneous t-cell lymphoma, myelodysplastic syndrome, and leukemia (lymphoid).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Infliximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Infliximab is a tumor necrosis factor (TNF-alpha or TNF-α) blocker and a chimeric monoclonal IgG1 antibody composed of human constant (75%) and murine variable (25%) regions [3]. Infliximab is produced by a recombinant cell line cultured by continuous perfusion. Tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α) is a key proinflammatory cytokine involved in chronic inflammatory diseases [3]. Its hyperactivity and enhanced signalling pathways can be observed in inflammatory diseases where it activates further pro-inflammatory cascades. By binding to both the soluble subunit and the membrane-bound precursor of TNF-α [1], infliximab disrupts the interaction of TNF-α with its receptors and may also cause lysis of cells that produce TNF-α [1].Infliximab was first approved by the FDA in 1998 under the market name Remicade as an intravenous injection. It is indicated for the treatment of various inflammatory disorders such as adult or pediatric Chron's disease, adult or pediatric ulcerative colitis, rheumatoid arthritis in combination with methotrexate, ankylosing spondyliti, psoriatic arthritis, and plaque psoriasis [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, multiple infusions of infliximab displayed in a reduction of signs and symptoms of inflammatory diseases and induction of remission in patients who have had an inadequate response to alternative first-line therapies for that disorder [FDA Label]. There are currently two biosilimars of infliximab available in the US market that demonstrate a high degree of similarity to the reference product, Remicade. They are approved for all eligible indications of the reference product. Inflectra, a first biosimilar drug product, was approved in 2016. In December 2017, Ixifi, a second biosimilar that was developed by Pfizer, was granted approval by the FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms and inducing and maintaining clinical remission in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active Crohn’s disease who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapyIndicated for reducing the number of draining enterocutaneous and rectovaginal fistulas and maintaining fistula closure in adult patients with fistulizing Crohn’s disease. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms, inducing and maintaining clinical remission and mucosal healing, and eliminating corticosteroid use in adult or pediatric (≥ 6 years of age) patients with moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis who have had an inadequate response to conventional therapy. Indicated for, in combination with methotrexate, reducing signs and symptoms, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with moderately to severely active rheumatoid arthritis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms in patients with active ankylosing spondylitis. Indicated for reducing signs and symptoms of active arthritis, inhibiting the progression of structural damage, and improving physical function in patients with psoriatic arthritis. Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with chronic severe (i.e., extensive and/or disabling) plaque psoriasis who are candidates for systemic therapy and when other systemic therapies are medically less appropriate.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Anastrozole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anastrozole is a drug indicated in the treatment of breast cancer in post-menopausal women. It is used both in adjuvant therapy (i.e. following surgery) and in metastatic breast cancer. It decreases the amount of estrogens that the body makes. Anastrozole belongs in the class of drugs known as aromatase inhibitors. It inhibits the enzyme aromatase, which is responsible for converting androgens (produced by women in the adrenal glands) to estrogens.
4. Indication:  For adjuvant treatment of hormone receptor positive breast cancer , as well as hormonal treatment of advanced breast cancer in post-menopausal women. Has also been used to treat pubertal gynecomastia and McCune-Albright syndrome; however, manufacturer states that efficacy for these indications have not been established.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Denibulin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Denibulin is a novel small molecule Vascular Disrupting Agent under development by MediciNova for treatment of solid tumor cancers.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dinutuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dinutuximab is an IgG1 monoclonal human/mouse chimeric antibody against GD2, a disialoganglioside expressed on tumors of neuroectodermal origin, including human neuroblastoma and melanoma, with highly restricted expression on normal tissues. It is composed of the variable heavy- and light-chain regions of the murine anti-GD2 mAb 14.18 and the constant regions of human IgG1 heavy-chain and kappa light-chain. By binding to GD2, dinutiximab induces antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity and complement-dependent cytotoxicity of tumor cells thereby leading to apoptosis and inhibiting proliferation of the tumour. It is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
4. Indication:  Dinutuximab is indicated, in combination with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF), interleukin-2 (IL-2), and 13-cis-retinoic acid (RA), for the treatment of pediatric patients with high-risk neuroblastoma who achieve at least a partial response to prior first-line multiagent, multimodality therapy. Despite a high clinical response seen after first-line treatment, the complete eradication of neuroblastoma is rarely achieved and the majority of patients with advanced disease suffer a relapse. Current strategies for treatment include immunotherapy with drugs such as dinutuximab to target surviving neuroblastoma cells and to prevent relapse.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Heparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Unfractionated heparin (UH) is a heterogenous preparation of anionic, sulfated glycosaminoglycan polymers with weights ranging from 3000 to 30,000 Da. It is a naturally occurring anticoagulant released from mast cells. It binds reversibly to antithrombin III (ATIII) and greatly accelerates the rate at which ATIII inactivates coagulation enzymes thrombin (factor IIa) and factor Xa. UH is different from low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) in the following ways: the average molecular weight of LMWH is about 4.5 kDa whereas it is 15 kDa for UH; UH requires continuous infusions; activated partial prothrombin time (aPTT) monitoring is required when using UH; and UH has a higher risk of bleeding and higher risk of osteoporosis in long term use. Unfractionated heparin is more specific than LMWH for thrombin. Furthermore, the effects of UH can typically be reversed by using protamine sulfate.
4. Indication:  Unfractionated heparin is indicated for prophylaxis and treatment of venous thrombosis and its extension, prevention of post-operative deep venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism and prevention of clotting in arterial and cardiac surgery. In cardiology, it is used to prevent embolisms in patients with atrial fibrillation and as an adjunct antithrombin therapy in patients with unstable angina and/or non-Q wave myocardial infarctions (i.e. non-ST elevated acute coronary artery syndrome) who are on platelet glycoprotein (IIb/IIIa) receptor inhibitors. Additionally, it is used to prevent clotting during dialysis and surgical procedures, maintain the patency of intravenous injection devices and prevent in vitro coagulation of blood transfusions and in blood samples drawn for laboratory values.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  OXI-4503
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OXI-4503 is investigated in clinical trials for treating cancer/tumors. OXI-4503 is a solid. OXI-4503 blocks and destroys tumor vasculature, resulting in extensive tumor cell death and necrosis. OXI-4503 (combretastatin A1 di-phosphate / CA1P) is a unique and highly potent, dual-mechanism vascular disrupting agent (VDA). In addition, however, preclinical data demonstrates that OXI-4503 is metabolized by oxidative enzymes (e.g., tyrosinase and peroxidases), which are elevated in many solid tumors and tumor infiltrates, to an orthoquinone chemical species that has direct cytotoxic effects on tumor cells. Preclinical studies have demonstrated that OXI-4503 has (i) single-agent activity against a range of xenograft tumor models; and (ii) synergistic or additive effects when incorporated in various combination regimens with chemotherapy, molecularly-targeted therapies (including tumor-angiogenesis inhibitors), and radiation therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
