DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Glycerol Phenylbutyrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent. Chemically, it is a triglyceride in which three molecules of phenylbutyrate are linked to a glycerol backbone. FDA approved on February 1, 2013.
4. Indication:  Glycerol phenylbutyrate is a nitrogen-binding agent for the chronic management of adult and pediatric patients ≥2 years of age with urea cycle disorders (UCDs) who cannot be managed by dietary protein restriction and/or amino acid supplementation alone. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Benzoic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fungistatic compound that is widely used as a food preservative. It is conjugated to GLYCINE in the liver and excreted as hippuric acid. As the sodium salt form, sodium benzoate is used as a treatment for urea cycle disorders due to its ability to bind amino acids. This leads to excretion of these amino acids and a decrease in ammonia levels. Recent research shows that sodium benzoate may be beneficial as an add-on therapy (1 gram/day) in schizophrenia. Total Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale scores dropped by 21% compared to placebo.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Phenylbutyric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A monocarboxylic acid the structure of which is that of butyric acid substituted with a phenyl group at C-4. It is a histone deacetylase inhibitor that displays anticancer activity. It inhibits cell proliferation, invasion and migration and induces apoptosis in glioma cells. It also inhibits protein isoprenylation, depletes plasma glutamine, increases production of foetal haemoglobin through transcriptional activation of the γ-globin gene and affects hPPARγ activation.
4. Indication:  Adjunctive therapy for the management of chronic urea cycle disorders due to deficiencies in carbamylphosphate (CPS), ornithine transcarbamylase (OTC), or argininosuccinic acid synthetase. it is indicated in all neonatal- onset efficiency presenting within the first 28 days of life. Also indicated in patients with late-onset, presenting after the first month of life with a history of hyperammonemic encephalopathy. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Urea C-13
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Urea 13C is a urea molecule radiolabelled with the non-radioactive element carbon-13. It is currently used for the Urea Breath Test (UBT) and is available as a rapid diagnostic test (marketed as Pranactin-Citric) for the detection of Helicobacter pylori infections. H pylori is a common stomach bacteria that has been linked to a variety of upper gastrointestinal disorders such as gastritis, gastric and peptic ulcers, stomach cancer, and gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid-tissue (MALT) lymphoma. The UBT is indicated to confirm H. pylori infection and to monitor post-treatment for its eradication. Radiolabelled urea is available in two forms as 13C and 14C. Both forms can be used within the Urea Breath Test, however some may prefer 13C as it is non-radioactive compared to 14C, which may be preferable in pregnant women and children.The Urea Breath Test is based on the ability of the H. pylori enzyme urease to cleave urea into ammonia and carbon dioxide. As the urease enzyme is not present in mammalian cells, the presence of urease (and the products of urea cleavage) in the stomach is evidence that H. pylori bacteria are present. To detect H. pylori, urea labeled with 13C is swallowed by the patient. If gastric urease from H. pylori is present, urea is split to form CO2 and NH3 at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen and 13CO2 is absorbed into the blood and exhaled in the breath. Exhaled breath samples can then be collected and measured for the presence of radioactivity.
4. Indication:  Urea-13C is indicated for use in the qualitative detection of urease associated with Helicobacter pylori in the human stomach and as an aid in the initial diagnosis and post-treatment monitoring of Helicobacter pylori infection in adult patients. The test may be used for monitoring treatment if used at least four (4) weeks following completion of therapy. For these purposes, the system utilizes an Infrared Spectrophotometer for the measurement of the ratio of 13CO2 to 12CO2 in breath samples.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Urea C-14
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Urea 14C is a urea molecule radiolabelled with a radioactive carbon-14. It is currently used for the Urea Breath Test (UBT) and is available as a rapid diagnostic test (marketed as PyTest) for the detection of Helicobacter pylori infections. H pylori is a common stomach bacteria that has been linked to a variety of upper gastrointestinal disorders such as gastritis, gastric and peptic ulcers, stomach cancer, and gastric mucosa-associated lymphoid-tissue (MALT) lymphoma. The UBT is indicated to confirm H. pylori infection and to monitor post-treatment for its eradication. Radiolabelled urea is available in two forms as 13C and 14C. Both forms can be used within the Urea Breath Test, however some may prefer 13C as it is non-radioactive compared to 14C, which may be preferable in pregnant women and children.The Urea Breath Test is based on the ability of the H. pylori enzyme urease to cleave urea into ammonia and carbon dioxide. As the urease enzyme is not present in mammalian cells, the presence of urease (and the products of urea cleavage) in the stomach is evidence that H. pylori bacteria are present. To detect H. pylori, urea labeled with 14C is swallowed by the patient. If gastric urease from H. pylori is present, urea is split to form CO2 and NH3 at the interface between the gastric epithelium and lumen and 14CO2 is absorbed into the blood and exhaled in the breath. Exhaled breath samples can then be collected and measured for the presence of radioactivity.
4. Indication:  14C-urea is intended for use in the detection of gastric urease as an aid in the diagnosis of Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori) infection in the human stomach. The test utilizes a liquid scintillation counter for the measurement of 14CO2 in breath samples.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Glycine betaine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Betaine is a methyl group donor that functions in the normal metabolic cycle of methionine and reduces homocystinuria in patients with inborn errors of methionine metabolism. In the United States, betaine is distributed under the brand name Cystadane® by Rare Disease Therapeutics. Many reports have shown that betaine's therapeutic effectiveness is limited, and does not lower tHcy levels or prevent clinical symptoms [2].
4. Indication:  Betaine is indicated for the treatment of homocystinuria to decrease elevated homocysteine blood levels. Included within the category of homocystinuria are deficiencies or defects in: 1. cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS), 2. 5,10-methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR), 3. cobalamin cofactor metabolism (cbl). 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Phenylacetic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylacetic acid is an organic compound containing a phenyl functional group and a carboxylic acid functional group. It is a white solid with a disagreeable odor. Because it is used in the illicit production of phenylacetone (used in the manufacture of substituted amphetamines), it is subject to controls in countries including the United States and China.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy for the treatment of acute hyperammonemia and associated encephalopathy in patients with deficiencies in enzymes of the urea cycle.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Ornithine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Ornithine is an amino acid produced in the urea cycle by the splitting off of urea from arginine. It is a central part of the urea cycle, which allows for the disposal of excess nitrogen. L-Ornithine is a precursor of citrulline and arginine.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance. It has been claimed that ornithine improves athletic performance, has anabolic effects, has wound-healing effects, and is immuno-enhancing.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nelotanserin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nelotanserin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lewy Body Dementia, Visual Hallucinations, Dementia With Lewy Bodies, and REM Sleep Behavior Disorder. It is a highly selective antagonist at the 5-HT2A serotonin receptor. It increases non-REM sleep, the most restorative phase of the sleep cycle, without sacrificing REM or dream sleep. Nelotanserin works through a mechanism of action that is different from currently marketed drugs.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Carglumic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carglumic acid is an orphan drug used for the treatment of hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase deficiency. This rare genetic disorder results in elevated blood levels of ammonia, which can eventually cross the blood–brain barrier and cause neurologic problems, cerebral edema, coma, and death. Carglumic acid was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on 18 March 2010.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute and chronic hyperammonaemia in patients with N-acetylglutamate synthase (NAGS) deficiency. This enzyme is an important component of the urea cycle to prevent build up of neurotoxic ammonium in the blood. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  AVN-944
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVN944 is a biotech drug that demonstrated a statistically meaningful impact on IMPDH and other proteins that are critical to activities in cancer cells, including nucleotide biosynthesis, energy and metabolism, DNA replication, apoptosis and cell cycle control. AVN944 has been associated with cancer cell death in clinical trials. It is being investigated for the treatment of patients with advanced hematologic malignancies.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified), leukemia (unspecified), lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, and pancreatic cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  VX-148
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-148 is a second-generation, orally administered inhibitor of inosine monophosphate dehydrogenase (IMPDH). The IMPDH enzyme plays a key role in regulating immune response and proliferation of specific cell types, including lymphocytes. VX-148 is a developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and viral infection.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Seliciclib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-roscovitine (Seliciclib or CYC202) is a trial drug in the family of pharmacological cyclin-dependent kinase (CDK) inhibitors that preferentially inhibit multiple enzyme targets including CDK2, CDK7 and CDK9, which alter the growth phase or state within the cell cycle of treated cells. Seliciclib is being developed by Cyclacel. Seliciclib is being researched for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), leukemia, HIV infection, herpes simplex infection, and the mechanisms of chronic inflammation disorders.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, lung cancer, lymphoma (unspecified), multiple myeloma, leukemia (lymphoid), and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  SNS-314
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  SNS-314 is a potent and selective inhibitor of Aurora kinases A, B, and C. Proliferating cells treated with SNS-314 bypass the mitotic spindle checkpoint and fail to undergo cytokinesis, leading to multiple rounds of endoreduplication and eventually cell death. SNS-314 inhibits tumor growth in a variety of preclinical models, and it is now being tested in single agent Phase 1 studies in patients with advanced solid tumours.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Emapunil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Emapunil has been used in trials studying the basic science and diagnostic of Baseline, Blocking Receptor Binding, and Neurodegenerative Disorders.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pimavanserin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pimavanserin (ACP-103), marketed under the trade name Nuplazid, is a drug developed by Acadia Pharmaceuticals which acts as an inverse agonist on the serotonin receptor subtype 5-HT2A, with 40x selectivity over 5-HT2C, and no significant affinity or activity at 5-HT2B or dopamine receptors. As of September 3, 2009, pimavanserin has not met expectations for Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease psychosis, and is in Phase II trials for adjunctive treatment of schizophrenia alongside an antipsychotic medication. It is expected to improve the effectiveness and side effect profile of antipsychotics. The results of a clinical trial examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive pimavanserin to risperidone and haloperidol were published in November 2012 and the results showed that pimavanserin potentiated the antipsychotic effects of subtherapeutic doses of risperidone and improve the tolerability of haloperidol treatment by reducing the incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms. On September 2, 2014, the United States Food and Drug administration granted Breakthrough Therapy status to Acadia's New Drug Application for pimavanserin.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, psychosis, schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders, and sleep disorders.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  N-(1-Adamantyl)-N'-(4-Guanidinobenzyl)Urea
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Sorafenib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sorafenib (rINN), marketed as Nexavar by Bayer, is a drug approved for the treatment of advanced renal cell carcinoma (primary kidney cancer). It has also received "Fast Track" designation by the FDA for the treatment of advanced hepatocellular carcinoma (primary liver cancer), and has since performed well in Phase III trials.Sorafenib is a small molecular inhibitor of Raf kinase, PDGF (platelet-derived growth factor), VEGF receptor 2 & 3 kinases and c Kit the receptor for Stem cell factor. A growing number of drugs target most of these pathways. The originality of Sorafenib lays in its simultaneous targeting of the Raf/Mek/Erk pathway.
4. Indication:  Sorafenib is indicated for the treatment of unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma and advanced renal cell carcinoma. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  VX-702
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VX-702 is a small molecule investigational oral anti-cytokine therapy for treatment of inflammatory diseases, specifically rheumatoid arthritis (RA). It acts as a p38 MAP kinase inhibitor. In the future, VX-702 may be investigated for combination with methotrexate, a commonly used therapy for RA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Benperidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Benperidol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Dementia, Depression, Schizophrenia, Anxiety Disorders, and Psychosomatic Disorders, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Melatonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical, Vet approved
3. Description:  Melatonin is a biogenic amine that is found in animals, plants and microbes. Aaron B. Lerner of Yale University is credited for naming the hormone and for defining its chemical structure in 1958. In mammals, melatonin is produced by the pineal gland. The pineal gland is small endocrine gland, about the size of a rice grain and shaped like a pine cone (hence the name), that is located in the center of the brain (rostro-dorsal to the superior colliculus) but outside the blood-brain barrier. The secretion of melatonin increases in darkness and decreases during exposure to light, thereby regulating the circadian rhythms of several biological functions, including the sleep-wake cycle. In particular, melatonin regulates the sleep-wake cycle by chemically causing drowsiness and lowering the body temperature. Melatonin is also implicated in the regulation of mood, learning and memory, immune activity, dreaming, fertility and reproduction. Melatonin is also an effective antioxidant. Most of the actions of melatonin are mediated through the binding and activation of melatonin receptors. Individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) may have lower than normal levels of melatonin. A 2008 study found that unaffected parents of individuals with ASD also have lower melatonin levels, and that the deficits were associated with low activity of the ASMT gene, which encodes the last enzyme of melatonin synthesis. Reduced melatonin production has also been proposed as a likely factor in the significantly higher cancer rates in night workers.
4. Indication:  Used orally for jet lag, insomnia, shift-work disorder, circadian rhythm disorders in the blind (evidence for efficacy), and benzodiazepine and nicotine withdrawal. Evidence indicates that melatonin is likely effective for treating circadian rhythm sleep disorders in blind children and adults. It has received FDA orphan drug status as an oral medication for this use. A number of studies have shown that melatonin may be effective for treating sleep-wake cycle disturbances in children and adolescents with mental retardation, autism, and other central nervous system disorders. It appears to decrease the time to fall asleep in children with developmental disabilities, such as cerebral palsy, autism, and mental retardation. It may also improve secondary insomnia associated with various sleep-wake cycle disturbances. Other possible uses for which there is some evidence for include: benzodiazepine withdrawal, cluster headache, delayed sleep phase syndrome (DSPS), primary insomnia, jet lag, nicotine withdrawal, preoperative anxiety and sedation, prostate cancer, solid tumors (when combined with IL-2 therapy in certain cancers), sunburn prevention (topical use), tardive dyskinesia, thrombocytopenia associated with cancer, chemotherapy and other disorders. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Ritonavir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ritonavir is an HIV protease inhibitor that interferes with the reproductive cycle of HIV. Although it was initially developed as an independent antiviral agent, it has been shown to possess advantageous properties in combination regimens with low-dose ritonavir and other protease inhibitors. It is now more commonly used as a booster of other protease inhibitors and is available in both liquid formulation and as capsules. While ritonavir is not an active antiviral agent against hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection, it is added in combination therapies indicated for treatment of HCV infections as a booster. Ritonavir is a potent CYP3A inhibitor that increases peak and trough plasma drug concentrations of other protease inhibitors such as Paritaprevir and overall drug exposure. American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) guidelines recommend ritonavir-boosted combination therapies as a first-line therapy for HCV Genotype 1a/b and 4 treatment-naïve patients with or without cirrhosis. Ritonavir is found in a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Paritaprevir as the FDA-approved product Viekira Pak. First approved in December 2014, Viekira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.Ritonavir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir and Paritaprevir as the FDA- and Health Canada-approved product Technivie. First approved in July 2015, Technivie is indicated in combination with Ribavirin for the treatment of patients with genotype 4 chronic hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection without cirrhosis or with compensated cirrhosis.In Canada, ritonavir is also available as a fixed-dose combination product with Ombitasvir, Dasabuvir, and Paritaprevir as the Health Canada-approved, commercially available product Holkira Pak. First approved in January 2015, Holkira Pak is indicated for the treatment of HCV genotype 1b with or without cirrhosis, and when combined with Ribavirin for the treatment of HCV genotype 1a with or without cirrhosis. Inclusion of ritonavir can can select for HIV-1 protease inhibitor resistance-associated substitutions. Any HCV/HIV-1 co-infected patients treated with ritonavir-containing combination therapies should also be on a suppressive antiretroviral drug regimen to reduce the risk of HIV-1 protease inhibitor drug resistance.
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with other antiretroviral agents for the treatment of HIV-1 infection.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Streptozocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antibiotic that is produced by Stretomyces achromogenes. It is used as an antineoplastic agent and to induce diabetes in experimental animals. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of malignant neoplasms of pancreas (metastatic islet cell carcinoma).
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  L-Citrulline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Citrulline is an amino acid. It is made from ornithine and carbamoyl phosphate in one of the central reactions in the urea cycle. It is also produced from arginine as a by-product of the reaction catalyzed by NOS family. Its name is derived from citrullus, the Latin word for watermelon, from which it was first isolated.
4. Indication:  Used for nutritional supplementation, also for treating dietary shortage or imbalance.
