DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Indigotindisulfonic Acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indolesulfonic acid is a blue-colored dye used in the kidney function test for the detection of nitrates and chlorates. It is largely excreted by the kidneys.
4. Indication:  Used as a dye in renal function testing for the detection of nitrates and chlorates.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m pertechnetate is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent composed of an oxoanion with the chemical formula TcO4-. Pertechnetate has a wide variety of uses within nuclear medicine as it distributes within the body to a similar extent as iodine. It also concentrates in the thyroid gland, salivary glands, gastric mucosa, and choroid plexus. However, in contrast to the iodide ion, the pertechnetate ion is released unchanged from the thyroid gland. Currently marketed as the product Drytec, technetium-99m pertechnetate is indicated for imaging of the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and the nasolacrimal drainage system.Technetium-99m's short half life (6 hours) makes storage impossible, therefore it is supplied as its parent nuclide molybdenum-99, which spontaneously decays to technetium-99 through beta decay. This is normally supplied in a hospital setting through the use of a technetium-99m generator, whereby technetium exits the generator in the form of the pertechnetate ion, TcO4−, which can be extracted and promptly used for clinical diagnostics. Following intravenous injection, single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) is performed to detect the gamma ray emmitted by the decay of Technetium-99m to Technetium-99.
4. Indication:  Sodium Pertechnetate Tc99m Injection is indicated for use in adults for imaging in the following tissues: thyroid, salivary gland, urinary bladder (for detection of vesico-ureteral reflux), and nasolacrimal drainage system (dacryoscintigraphy). It is indicated for use in children for imaging the following tissues: thyroid and urinary bladder. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  AC3056
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AC3056 is a non-peptide antioxidant that acts as an inhibitor of vascular cell adhesion molecule expression originally developed by Aventis Pharmaceuticals. It as since been acquired by Amylin Pharmaceuticals and has completed phase I trials.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of atherosclerosis and other conditions related to the obstruction of blood vessels.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Aminaphthone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Piperazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Piperazine is an organic compound that consists of a six-membered ring containing two opposing nitrogen atoms. Piperazine exists as small alkaline deliquescent crystals with a saline taste.Piperazine was introduced to medicine as a solvent for uric acid. When taken into the body the drug is partly oxidized and partly eliminated unchanged. Outside the body, piperazine has a remarkable power to dissolve uric acid and producing a soluble urate, but in clinical experience it has not proved equally successful.Piperazine was first introduced as an anthelmintic in 1953. A large number of piperazine compounds have anthelmintic action. Their mode of action is generally by paralysing parasites, which allows the host body to easily remove or expel the invading organism.
4. Indication:  Used as alternative treatment for ascariasis caused by Ascaris lumbricoides (roundworm) and enterobiasis (oxyuriasis) caused by Enterobius vermicularis (pinworm). It is also used to treat partial intestinal obstruction by the common roundworm, a condition primarily occurring in children.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Porfimer sodium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The purified component of hematoporphyrin derivative, it consists of a mixture of oligomeric porphyrins. It is used in photodynamic therapy (hematoporphyrin photoradiation); to treat malignant lesions with visible light and experimentally as an antiviral agent. It is the first drug to be approved in the use of photodynamic therapy in the United States.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of esophageal cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Bisoxatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [1]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of constipation in the absence of bowel obstruction and for surgical preparation of the colon [1].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Aminohippuric acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  The glycine amide of 4-aminobenzoic acid. Its sodium salt is used as a diagnostic aid to measure effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and excretory capacity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to measure effective renal plasma flow (ERPF) and to determine the functional capacity of the tubular excretory mechanism.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Umeclidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Umeclidinium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) used as maintenance treatment for symptoms of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). It is available as a once-daily inhalation monotherapy or as a fixed-dose combination product with the long-acting beta2-agonist vilanterol. COPD is a progressive obstructive lung disease characterized by shortness of breath, cough, sputum production, and chronically poor airflow with a forced expiratory volume in 1 second (FEV1) of less than 80%. By blocking the M3 muscarinic receptor which is highly expressed in airway smooth muscle of the lungs, umeclidinium inhibits the binding of acetylcholine and thereby opens up the airways by preventing bronchoconstriction. Its use has been shown to provide clinically significant, sustained improvements in lung function. 
4. Indication:  Indicated for the long-term, once-daily, maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Lucinactant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lucinactant is a new synthetic peptide-containing surfactant for intratracheal use. It contains sinapultide, a novel, hydrophobic, 21-amino acid peptide (leucine and lysine repeating units, KL4 peptide) designed to mimic human surfactant protein-B (SB-P). More specifically, it mimics the C-terminal amphipathic helical domain of this protein. It also consists of phospholipids (dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine, DPPC and palmitoyloleoyl phosphatidylglycerol, POPG) and a fatty acid (palmitic acid). It is completely devoid of animal-derived components. FDA approved on March 6, 2012.
4. Indication:  Intended for the prevention of respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants at high risk for RDS. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Inulin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A starch found in the tubers and roots of many plants. Since it is hydrolyzable to fructose, it is classified as a fructosan. It has been used in physiologic investigation for determination of the rate of glomerular function. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Historically used in an important medical test of renal function, specifically a measure of glomerular filtration rate. Sometimes used to help relieve symptoms of diabetes mellitus - a condition characterised by hyperglycemia and/or hyperinsulinemia.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bethanechol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bethanechol is a synthetic ester structurally and pharmacologically related to acetylcholine. A slowly hydrolyzed muscarinic agonist with no nicotinic effects, bethanechol is generally used to increase smooth muscle tone, as in the GI tract following abdominal surgery or in urinary retention in the absence of obstruction. It may cause hypotension, cardiac rate changes, and bronchial spasms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute postoperative and postpartum nonobstructive (functional) urinary retention and for neurogenic atony of the urinary bladder with retention.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Prucalopride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prucalopride (brand name Resolor, developed by Johnson & Johnson and licensed to Movetis) is a drug acting as a selective, high affinity 5-HT4 receptor agonist which targets the impaired motility associated with chronic constipation, thus normalising bowel movements. Prucalopride was approved for use in Europe in 2009 and in Canada (named Resotran) on December 7, 2011 but it has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in the United States. The drug has also been tested for the treatment of chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in constipation, ileus, and pediatric indications.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Chorionic Gonadotropin (Human)
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Human chorionic gonadotropin (HCG), a polypeptide hormone produced by the human placenta. Endogenously produced HCG interacts with the LHCG receptor of the ovary and promotes the maintenance of the corpus luteum during the beginning of pregnancy. This allows the corpus luteum to continuously secrete the hormone progesterone during the first trimester, which is required for maintenance of the uterus and prevents menstruation. In males, HCG also stimulates the production of gonadal steroid hormones by stimulating the interstitial cells (Leydig cells) of the testis to produce androgens. HCG is composed of an alpha and a beta sub-unit. The alpha sub-unit is essentially identical to the alpha sub­ units of the human pituitary gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle-stimulating hormone (FSH), as well as to the alpha sub-unit of human thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH), while the beta sub­ units of these hormones differ in amino acid sequence. As a drug product, chorionic gonadotropin is a highly purified pyrogen-free preparation obtained from the urine of pregnant females.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of prepubertal cryptorchidism (not due to anatomical obstruction), for the treatment of selected cases of hypogonadotropic hypogonadism (hypogonadism secondary to a pituitary deficiency) in males and for the induction of ovulation and pregnancy in the anovulatory, infertile woman in whom the cause of anovulation is secondary and not due to primary ovarian failure, and who has been appropriately pretreated with human menotropins.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Theophylline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative from tea with diuretic, smooth muscle relaxant, bronchial dilation, cardiac and central nervous system stimulant activities. Mechanistically, theophylline acts as a phosphodiesterase inhibitor, adenosine receptor blocker, and histone deacetylase activator. Theophylline is marketed under several brand names such as Uniphyl and Theochron, and it is indicated mainly for asthma, bronchospasm, and COPD.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms and reversible airflow obstruction associated with chronic asthma and other chronic lung diseases, such as emphysema and chronic bronchitis.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Vilanterol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Vilanterol is a selective long-acting beta2-adrenergic agonist (LABA) with inherent 24-hour activity for once daily treatment of COPD and asthma. Its pharmacological effect is attributable to stimulation of intracellular adenylyl cyclase which catalyzes the conversion of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) to cyclic-3',5'-adenosine monophosphate (cAMP). Increases in cyclic AMP are associated with relaxation of bronchial smooth muscle and inhibition of release of hypersensitivity mediators from mast cells in the lungs. Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Vilanterol is approved for use in several combination products such as with fluticasone furoate under the tradename Breo Ellipta and in combination with umeclidinium bromide as Anoro Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, use of Breo Ellipta is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Cholestyramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cholestyramine or colestyramine is a bile acid sequestrant. Bile acid sequestrants are polymeric compounds which serve as ion exchange resins. Cholestyramine resin is quite hydrophilic, but insoluble in water.
4. Indication:  Indicated as adjunctive therapy to diet for the reduction of elevated serum cholesterol in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia (elevated low density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol) who do not respond adequately to diet. Also for the relief of pruritus associated with partial biliary obstruction.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dornase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human deoxyribunuclease I (DNase I) enzyme. It is produced in genetically modified Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using recombinant DNA technology. The 260-amino acid sequence of dornase alfa is identical to the endogenous human enzyme. Dornase alfa cleaves extracellular DNA to 5´-phosphodinucleotide and 5´-phosphooligonucleotide end products without affecting intracellular DNA. In individuals with cystic fibrosis, extracellular DNA, which is an extremely viscous anion, is released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate during inflammatory responses to infections. Enzymatic breakdown of this extracellular DNA appears to reduce sputum viscosity and viscoelasticity.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Helium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Helium is a second most abundant chemical element in the universe with symbol He and atomic number 2. It is a colorless, odorless, tasteless, non-toxic, inert, monatomic gas that heads the noble gas group in the periodic table. Its boiling and melting points are the lowest among all the elements. Its clinical benefit in inhalation therapy arises from its advantageous physical properties than ambient air. Helium has lower density than air and generates less resistance than to provide improved lung ventilation. It is also used as an analytical reagent in diagnostic/imaging tests to detect respiratory function of the patient.
4. Indication:  For use in patients who are not getting enough oxygen into their blood due to blockages in the lungs from pathological conditions or injuries. Suggested potential benefit in upper airway obstruction, in severe asthma, and in exacerbations of COPD/COLD. Helium may be used in place of carbon monoxide during laparoscopic surgeries as it lowers the risk of developing respiratory acidosis in selected patients. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluticasone furoate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Fluticasone furoate is a synthetic trifluorinated corticosteroid with potent anti-inflammatory activity. Despite the similarity in the names, fluticasone furoate and fluticasone propionate are different drugs with different properties. It is marketed under the brand name, Veramyst in the US by GlaxoSmithKline for the management of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). FDA approved on April 27, 2007. Fluticasone furoate is available as a combination product with vilanterol, a long-acting beta-2 agonist, under the tradename Breo Ellipta. Approved by the FDA in 2013, its use is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease.
4. Indication:  Fluticasone furoate nasal spray is indicated for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients aged 2 years and older. Breo Ellipta, a mixture of fluticasone furoate and vilanterol is indicated for the long-term, once-daily maintenance treatment of airflow obstruction in patients with COPD, including chronic bronchitis and emphysema. It is also indicated for once-daily maintenance treatment of asthma in patients aged 18 or older with reversible obstructive airways disease. Breo Ellipta should not be used for the relief of acute symptoms of asthma or COPD.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Doxazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Doxazosin is a quinazoline-derivative that selectively antagonizes postsynaptic α1-adrenergic receptors. It may be used to mild to moderate hypertension and in the management of symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland.
4. Indication:  For treatment and management of mild to moderate hypertension and urinary obstruction symptoms caused by BPH.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Clofazimine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A fat-soluble riminophenazine dye used for the treatment of leprosy. It has been used investigationally in combination with other antimycobacterial drugs to treat Mycobacterium avium infections in AIDS patients. Clofazimine also has a marked anti-inflammatory effect and is given to control the leprosy reaction, erythema nodosum leprosum. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1993, p1619)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of lepromatous leprosy, including dapsone-resistant lepromatous leprosy and lepromatous leprosy complicated by erythema nodosum leprosum.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Indocyanine green
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Indocyanine Green is a water soluble, tricarbocyanine dye with a peak spectral absorption at 800 nm. The chemical name for Indocyanine Green is 1 H-Benz[e]indolium, 2-[7-[1,3-dihydro-1,1-dimethyl-3-(4-sulfobutyl)-2H-benz[e] indol-2-ylidene]-1,3,5-heptatrienyl]-1,1-dimethyl-3-(4-sulfobutyl)-,hydroxide, inner salt, sodium salt. Indocyanine Green for Injection USP has a pH of approximately 6.5 when reconstituted. Each vial of Indocyanine Green for Injection USP contains 25 mg of Indocyanine Green as a sterile lyophilized powder with no more than 5% sodium iodide.
4. Indication:  For Determining Cardiac Output, Hepatic Function and Liver Blood FlowFor ophthalmic angiography
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Prazosin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Prazosin is a selective α-1-adrenergic receptor antagonist used to treat hypertension. It has also been used to decrease urinary obstruction and relieve symptoms associated with symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia. α1-Receptors mediate contraction and hypertrophic growth of smooth muscle cells. Antagonism of these receptors leads to smooth muscle relaxation in the peripheral vasculature and prostate gland. Prazosin has also been used in conjunction with cardiac glycosides and diuretics in the management of severe congestive heart failure. It has also been used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
4. Indication:  For treatment of hypertension, symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia, and severe congestive heart failure. May also be used alone or in combination with β-blockers in the preoperative management of signs and symptoms of pheochromocytoma. 
