DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Piritrexim
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Piritrexim has been used in trials studying the treatment of Bladder Cancer, Urethral Cancer, and Transitional Cell Cancer of the Renal Pelvis and Ureter.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Enoxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum 6-fluoronaphthyridinone antibacterial agent (fluoroquinolones) structurally related to nalidixic acid. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adults (≥18 years of age) with the following infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urethral or cervical gonorrhea due to Neisseria gonorrhoeae, (2) uncomplicated urinary tract infections (cystitis) due to Escherichia coli, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Staphylococcus saprophyticus, and (3) complicated urinary tract infections due to Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Proteus mirabilis, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Staphylococcus epidermidis, or Enterobacter cloacae.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Iodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Molecualar iodine has been developed by Symbollon Pharmaceuticals. It is a potential treatment for moderate to severe cyclic pain and tenderness (clinical mastalgia) associated with fibrocystic breast disease (FBD).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast disorders (unspecified) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic fluoroquinolone (fluoroquinolones) antibacterial agent that inhibits the supercoiling activity of bacterial DNA gyrase, halting DNA replication.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections (respiratory tract, kidney, skin, soft tissue, UTI), urethral and cervical gonorrhoea.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Ciprofloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ciprofloxacin is a broad-spectrum antimicrobial carboxyfluoroquinoline.The bactericidal action of ciprofloxacin results from inhibition of the enzymes topoisomerase II (DNA gyrase) and topoisomerase IV, which are required for bacterial DNA replication, transcription, repair, strand supercoiling repair, and recombination.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the following infections caused by susceptible organisms: urinary tract infections, acute uncomplicated cystitis, chronic bacterial prostatitis, lower respiratory tract infections, acute sinusitis, skin and skin structure infections, bone and joint infections, complicated intra-abdominal infections (used in combination with metronidazole), infectious diarrhea, typhoid fever (enteric fever), uncomplicated cervical and urethral gonorrhea, and inhalational anthrax (post-exposure).
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Duloxetine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Duloxetine (brand names Cymbalta, Yentreve, and in parts of Europe, Xeristar or Ariclaim) is a drug which primarily targets major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), pain related to diabetic peripheral neuropathy and in some countries stress urinary incontinence (SUI). It is manufactured and marketed by Eli Lilly and Company.Duloxetine has not yet been FDA approved for stress urinary incontinence or for fibromyalgia.Duloxetine is a selective SNRI (selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor). Duloxetine is a systemic drug therapy which affects the body as a whole. Known also under the code name LY248686, it is a potent dual reuptake inhibitor of serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine, 5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE), possessing comparable affinities in binding to NE- and 5-HT transporter sites. It is a less potent inhibitor of dopamine reuptake.
4. Indication:  For the acute and maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), as well as acute management of generalized anxiety disorder. Also used for the management of neuropathic pain associated with diabetic peripheral neuropathy, and fibromyalgia. Has been used in the management of moderate to severe stress urinary incontinence (SUI) in women.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Cefixime
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cefixime, an antibiotic, is a third-generation cephalosporin like ceftriaxone and cefotaxime. Cefixime is highly stable in the presence of beta-lactamase enzymes. As a result, many organisms resistant to penicillins and some cephalosporins due to the presence of beta-lactamases, may be susceptible to cefixime. The antibacterial effect of cefixime results from inhibition of mucopeptide synthesis in the bacterial cell wall.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of the following infections when caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms: (1) uncomplicated urinary tract infections caused by Escherichia coli and Proteus mirabilis, (2) otitis media caused by Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase positive and negative strains), Moraxella catarrhalis (most of which are beta-lactamase positive), and S. pyogenes, (3) pharyngitis and tonsillitis caused by S. pyogenes, (4) acute bronchitis and acute exacerbations of chronic bronchitis caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Haemophilus influenzae (beta-lactamase positive and negative strains), and (5) uncomplicated gonorrhea (cervical/urethral) caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae (penicillinase- and non-penicillinase-producing strains).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Triptorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Triptorelin is a synthetic decapeptide agonist analog of luteinizing hormone releasing hormone (LHRH). Possessing greater potency than endogenous LHRH, triptorelin reversibly represses gonadotropin secretion. After chronic, continuous administration, this agent effects sustained decreases in LH and FSH production and testicular and ovarian steroidogenesis. Serum testosterone concentrations may fall to levels typically observed in surgically castrated men.
4. Indication:  Triptorelin is indicated for the palliative treatment of advanced prostate cancer.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Trovafloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Trovafloxacin (sold as Trovan by Pfizer) is a broad spectrum antibiotic that inhibits the uncoiling of supercoiled DNA in various bacteria by blocking the activity of DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. It was withdrawn from the market due to the risk of hepatotoxicity. It had better gram-positive bacterial coverage and less gram-negative coverage than the previous fluoroquinolones. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of the designated microorganisms in uncomplicated urethral gonorrhea in males and endocervical and rectal gonorrhea in females caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae as well as non gonoccocal urethritis and cervicitis due to Chlamydia trachomatis.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Amoxicillin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A broad-spectrum semisynthetic antibiotic similar to ampicillin except that its resistance to gastric acid permits higher serum levels with oral administration. Amoxicillin is commonly prescribed with clauvanic acid (a beta lactamase inhibitor) as it is susceptible to beta-lacatamase degradation.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections of the ear, nose, and throat, the genitourinary tract, the skin and skin structure, and the lower respiratory tract due to susceptible (only b-lactamase-negative) strains of Streptococcus spp. (a- and b-hemolytic strains only), S. pneumoniae, Staphylococcus spp., H. influenzae, E. coli, P. mirabilis, or E. faecalis. Also for the treatment of acute, uncomplicated gonorrhea (ano-genital and urethral infections) due to N. gonorrhoeae (males and females).
