DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ARX201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARX201 (PEG-ahGH) is a recombinant form of human growth hormone that has been modified using Ambrx’s patented ReCODE™ technology to achieve precise spatial positioning of the site of polyethylene glycol (PEG) attachment to human growth hormone, by biosynthetic incorporation of a chemically unique amino acid (ahGH). ARX201 has improved pharmacological properties, which should allow less frequent administration than the daily dosing regimen of currently available growth hormones.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in growth hormone deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fispemifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in male hormonal deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TAS-108
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  1alpha,24S-Dihydroxyvitamin D2
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LR-103 is a naturally occurring D-hormone that is produced by the kidneys from vitamin D. LR-103 is one of the D-hormones produced from Hectorol. It is developed for the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD). Studies have shown LR-103 has the same potency as calcitriol, but much lower toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parathyroid disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Methylmalonic Acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  A malonic acid derivative which is a vital intermediate in the metabolism of fat and protein. Abnormalities in methylmalonic acid metabolism lead to methylmalonic aciduria. This metabolic disease is attributed to a block in the enzymatic conversion of methylmalonyl CoA to succinyl CoA. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  PYM50018
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PYM50018 is a patented, orally active, neuroprotective and neuroregenerative compound. It is developed for the treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig's disease). In pre-clinical models, PYM50018 has been observed to protect against neuronal damage, increase neurite outgrowth, reverse oxidative damage and reverse neuronal apoptosis in vitro. When administered orally to a transgenic pre-clinical model of ALS, PYM50018 delays the loss of muscle strength and extends survival time.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Angiotensin 1-7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TXA127 has been investigated for the treatment of Miscellaneous Peripheral Blood Cell Abnormalities.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Radotinib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Radotinib is under investigation for the treatment of Leukemia, Myelogenous, Chronic, BCR-ABL Positive.
4. Indication:  Radotinib is indicated for the treatment of different types of cancer, most notably Philadelphia chromosome-positive (Ph+) chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) with resistance or intolerance of other Bcr-Abl tyrosine-kinase inhibitors, such as patients resistant or intolerant to imatinib.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Trestolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Trestolone (7α-methyl-19-nortestosterone) is a synthetic androgen developed by the Population Council as a potential candidate drug for use in hormonal male contraceptive methods. In males, regular administration of sufficient quantities of trestolone induces a state of temporary infertility.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception and male hormonal deficiencies/abnormalities.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Testosterone undecanoate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Testosterone undecanoate is an esterified form of testosterone which is attached to a long fatty acid chain. The lack of a methylated site on the carbon 17 eliminates the adverse effects on the liver found in other testosterone analogs.[5] It is currently getting further developed to be an alternative to testosterone enanthate or testosterone cypionate by Paddock labs, and this new injectable has an FDA status of tentative approval. The original approval by the FDA of a product from testosterone undecanoate was done in 1953.
4. Indication:  Testosterone undecanoate is indicated as a testosterone replacement therapy in adult males that present conditions of deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. The approved conditions for the use of testosterone undecanoate are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as a testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome, orchiectomy, Klinefelter's syndrome, chemotherapy or toxic damage from alcohol or heavy metals: or 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism caused by idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injuries from tumors, trauma or radiation.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Testosterone cypionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[6] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.
4. Indication:  Testosterone cypionate is used in males that present conditions derived from a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. These conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as the testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; and 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism characterized by idiopathic gonadotropin, LHRH deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation.[7]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pralnacasan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pralnacasan is an orally bioavailable pro-drug of a potent, non-peptide inhibitor of interleukin-1beta converting enzyme (ICE).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis (RA).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Equilin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An estrogenic steroid produced by horses. It has a total of four double bonds in the A- and B-ring. High concentration of euilin is found in the urine of pregnant mares. [PubChem]Equilin is one of the estrogens present in the mixture of estrogens isolated from horse urine and marketed as Premarin. Premarin became the most commonly used form of estrogen for hormone replacement therapy in the United States of America. Estrone is the major estrogen in Premarin (about 50%) and equilin is present as about 25% of the total. Estrone is a major estrogen that is normally found in women. Equilin is not normally present in women, so there has been interest in the effects of equilin on the human body. [Wikipedia]The estrogens in Premarin are present mainly as "conjugates", modified chemical forms in which the active estrogen is coupled to another chemical group such as sulfate. Estrone sulfate is usually the major form of estrogen in women. After being taken into a woman's body, the conjugated estrogens of Premarin are converted to the active unconjugated estrogens or excreted from the woman's body. Estrone can be converted to estradiol, which is thought to be the major active estrogen in women. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms associated with the menopause, atrophic vaginitis, osteoporosis, hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, primary ovarian failure, breast cancer (for palliation only), and Advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only)
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Morniflumate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Morniflumate is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug with antipyretic properties. It is the morpholinoethyl ester of niflumic acid [8]. In one study, post morniflumate ingestion, physical examination and clinical symptoms of those with bronchitis showed improvement [1].
4. Indication:  Morniflumate is indicated for the treatment of inflammatory conditions affecting the airways, ENT system, urogenital tract and bone and joint systems in adults. In Italy, morniflumate is also indicated for the treatment of pain associated with ear, nose, throat (ENT) and gastrointestinal inflammatory conditions in children. Morniflumate is a well established NSAID that has been in use for over three decades in Italy (particularly for the treatment of upper respiratory tract infections in children), France, Belgium, Austria, Switzerland, Spain and Portugal; it has a generally favorable tolerability profile.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cerliponase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cerliponase alfa is an enzyme replacement treatment for a specific form of Batten disease. It was the first FDA-approved treatment to slow loss of walking ability (ambulation) in symptomatic pediatric patients 3 years of age and older with late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2), also known as tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) deficiency. Intraventricular administration of the drug allows significant uptake into the brain. Cerliponase alfa was approved in April, 2017 (as Brineura).
4. Indication:  Cerliponase alfa is a treatment for late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis type 2 (CLN2) disease to decelerate the progressive motor function decline in patients 3 years of age and older. CLN2 disease is a form of Batten disease, a rare inherited neurodegenerative disorder and is associated with seizures, ataxia, rapid loss of language and motor functions, blindness, and early death [4]. It is caused by the lack the lysosomal enzyme tripeptidyl peptidase-1 (TPP1) and subsequent accumulation of lysosomal storage materials normally metabolized by this enzyme in the central nervous system.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nitazoxanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitazoxanide belongs to the class of drugs known as thiazolides. Nitazoxanide (NTZ) is a broad-spectrum anti-infective drug that markedly modulates the survival, growth, and proliferation of a range of extracellular and intracellular protozoa, helminths, anaerobic and microaerophilic bacteria, in addition to viruses. This drug is effective in the treatment of gastrointestinal infections including Cryptosporidium parvum or Giardia lamblia in healthy subjects. It is generally well tolerated. Nitazoxanide is a first-line, standard treatment for illness caused by C. parvum or G. lamblia infection in healthy (not immunosuppressed) adults and children and may also be considered in the treatment of illnesses caused by other protozoa or helminths [2]. Recently, this drug has been studied as a broad-spectrum antiviral agent due to its ability to inhibit the replication of several RNA and DNA viruses [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of diarrhea in adults and children caused by the protozoa Giardia lamblia, and for the treatment of diarrhea in children caused by the protozoan, Cryptosporidium parvum [FDA Label].Nitazoxanide has not been shown to be superior to placebo medication for the management of diarrhea caused by Cryptosporidium parvum in patients with HIV/immunodeficiency [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Testosterone enanthate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone enanthate is an esterified variant of testosterone that comes as an injectable compund with a slow release rate. It is the first injectable ester preparation of testosterone.[7] This slow release is achived by the presence of the enanthate ester functional group attached to the testosterone molecule.[2] This testosterone derivative was developed by Watson pharms Inc and FDA first approved on October 12, 1980.
4. Indication:  Testosterone enanthate in males is indicated as a replacement therapy in conditions associated with a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. Some of the treated conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism due to an idiopathic gonadotropin or luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone deficiency or due to a pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation, in this case it is important to accompany the treatment with adrenal cortical and thyroid hormone replacement therapy; 3) to stimulate puberty in patients with delayed puberty not secondary to a pathological disorder. If the conditions 1 and 2 occur prior to puberty, the androgen replacement therapy will be needed during adolescent years for the development of secondary sexual characteristics and prolonged androgen treatment might be needed it to maintain sexual characteristics after puberty.[FDA Label]In females, testosterone enanthate is indicated to be used secondarily in presence of advanced inoperable metastatic mammary cancer in women who are from one to five years postmenopausal. It has also been used in premenopausal women with breast cancer who have benefited from oophorectomy and are considered to have a hormone-responsive tumor.[FDA Label]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Estradiol acetate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol Acetate is a pro-drug ester of Estradiol, a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. Estradiol is the most potent form of all mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As a pro-drug of estradiol, estradiol acetate therefore has the same downstream effects within the body through binding to the Estrogen Receptor (ER) including ERα and ERβ subtypes, which are located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain.Estradiol is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [A12102]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improves absorption and bioavailability after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from depot intramuscular injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Ester pro-drugs of estradiol are therefore considered to be bioidentical forms of estrogen [10].Estradiol acetate is commercially available as Femring, a vaginal ring used for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy due to menopause.The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulfate conjugated form, estrone sulfate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems. Administration of synthetic and bioidentical forms of estrogen, such as estradiol acetate, has shown to improve these menopausal symptoms.
4. Indication:  Femring is indicated for the treatment of vasomotor and urogenital symptoms associated with menopause. Use of Femring (estradiol acetate) has been shown to improve symptoms caused by atrophy of the vagina (such as dryness, burning, pruritus and dyspareunia) and/or the lower urinary tract (urinary urgency and dysuria).
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Elotuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Elotuzumab is a humanized IgG1 (Immunoglobulin G) monoclonal antibody indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior therapies. Elotuzumab targets SLAMF7, also known as Signaling Lymphocytic Activation Molecule Family member 7, a cell surface glycoprotein. Elotuzumab consists of the complementary determining regions (CDR) of the mouse antibody, MuLuc63, grafted onto human IgG1 heavy and kappa light chain frameworks. Elotuzumab is produced in NS0 cells by recombinant DNA technology. Elotuzumab has a theoretical mass of 148.1 kDa for the intact antibody. Elotuzumab was approved on November 30, 2015 by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Elotuzumab is marketed under the brand Empliciti™ by Bristol-Myers Squibb. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone for the treatment of patients with multiple myeloma who have received one to three prior therapies.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
