DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rupatadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rupatadine is a dual histamine H1 receptor and platelet activating factor receptor antagonist that is used for symptomatic relief in seasonal and perennial rhinitis as well as chronic spontaneous urticaria. It was approved for marketing in Canada under the tradename Rupall and comes in tablet formulation for adult use and liquid formulation for pediatric use.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of nasal and non-nasal symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis and perennial allergic rhinitis in patients 2 years of age and older [FDA Label]. Also used for the symptomatic relief of chronic spontaneous urticaria in patients 2 years of age and older.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bilastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bilastine is a novel new-generation antihistamine that is highly selective for the H1 histamine receptor, has a rapid onset and prolonged duration of action.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of nasal and non-nasal symptoms of seasonal rhinitis in patients 12 years of age and older and for symptomatic relief in chronic spontaneous urticaria in patients 18 years of age and older [FDA Label].
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ebastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ebastine is under investigation for the treatment of Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS). Ebastine has been investigated for the treatment of Urticaria.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Diphenylpyraline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Diphenylpyraline is an antihistamine. Antihistamines used in the treatment of allergy act by competing with histamine for H 1-receptor sites on effector cells. Antihistamines prevent, but do not reverse, responses mediated by histamine alone. Antihistamines antagonize, in varying degrees, most of the pharmacological effects of histamine, including urticaria and pruritus.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, hay fever, and allergic skin disorders.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Hydroxyzine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 receptor antagonist that is effective in the treatment of chronic urticaria, dermatitis, and histamine-mediated pruritus. Unlike its major metabolite cetirizine, it does cause drowsiness. It is also effective as an antiemetic, for relief of anxiety and tension, and as a sedative. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of anxiety and tension associated with psychoneurosis and as an adjunct in organic disease states in which anxiety is manifested. Useful in the management of pruritus due to allergic conditions such as chronic urticaria.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Desloratadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desloratadine is a second generation, tricyclic antihistamine that which has a selective and peripheral H1-antagonist action. It is the active descarboethoxy metabolite of loratidine (a second generation histamine). Desloratidine has a long-lasting effect and does not cause drowsiness because it does not readily enter the central nervous system.
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial (non-seasonal) allergic rhinitis. Desloratidine is also used for the sympomatic treatment of pruritus and urticaria (hives) associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Cyproheptadine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A serotonin antagonist and a histamine H1 blocker used as antipruritic, appetite stimulant, antiallergic, and for the post-gastrectomy dumping syndrome, etc. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment of perennial and seasonal allergic rhinitis, vasomotor rhinitis, allergic conjunctivitis due to inhalant allergens and foods, mild uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema, amelioration of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, cold urticaria, dermatographism, and as therapy for anaphylactic reactions adjunctive to epinephrine.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Triprolidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  First generation histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic rhinitis; asthma; and urticaria. It is a component of cough and cold medicines. It may cause drowsiness.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis or nonallergic rhinitis; allergic conjunctivitis; and mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema. Also used in combination with other agents for the symptomatic relief of symptoms associated with the common cold.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chlorcyclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chlorcyclizine is a first generation phenylpiperazine class antihistamine used to treat urticaria, rhinitis, pruritus, and other allergy symptoms. Chlorcyclizine also has some local anesthetic, anticholinergic, and antiserotonergic properties, and can be used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cetirizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A potent second-generation histamine H1 antagonist that is effective in the treatment of allergic rhinitis, chronic urticaria, and pollen-induced asthma. Unlike many traditional antihistamines, it does not cause drowsiness or anticholinergic side effects. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms associated with seasonal allergic rhinitis, perennial allergic rhinitis and the treatment of the uncomplicated skin manifestations of chronic idiopathic urticaria
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Mequitazine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mequitazine is a histamine H1 antagonist (antihistamine). It competes with histamine for the normal H1-receptor sites on effector cells of the gastrointestinal tract, blood vessels and respiratory tract. It provides effective, temporary relief of sneezing, watery and itchy eyes, and runny nose due to hay fever and other upper respiratory allergies.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Hay fever, urticaria (hives) and allergic rhinitis
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Rolitetracycline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A pyrrolidinylmethyl tetracycline. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Rolitetracycline is a broad-spectrum antibiotic used in cases needing high concentrations or when oral administration is impractical.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Rilonacept
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rilonacept is a dimeric fusion protein consisting of portions of IL-1R and the IL-1R accessory protein linked to the Fc portion of immunoglobulin G1. Rilonacept functions as an interleukin 1 inhibitor and is used in the treatment of CAPS, also known as cryopyrin-associated periodic syndromes, including familial cold auto-inflammatory syndrome (FCAS) and Muckle-Wells Syndrome (MWS), in adults and children greater than 12 years old. 
4. Indication:  Rilonacept is currently used in the treatment of cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome. In May 2012, an advisory panel for the FDA voted 11-0 against the use of Rilonacept for the treatment of gout. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Tripelennamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist with low sedative action but frequent gastrointestinal irritation. It is used to treat asthma; HAY fever; urticaria; and rhinitis; and also in veterinary applications. Tripelennamine is administered by various routes, including topically. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used for the symptomatic relief of hypersensitivity reactions, coughs, and the common cold.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzylpenicilloyl Polylysine is used as a skin-testing reagent to detect immunoglobulin E antibodies in people with a history of penicillin allergy. The quantitation of in vitro IgE antibodies to the benzylpenicilloyl determinant is a useful tool for evaluating allergic subjects.
4. Indication:  For use as a adjunct in assessing the risk of administering penicillin (benzylpenicillin or penicillin G).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Alimemazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A phenothiazine derivative that is used as an antipruritic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to prevent and relieve allergic conditions which cause pruritus (itching) and urticaria (some allergic skin reactions).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Dimetindene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dimetindene (Fenistil) is an antihistamine/anticholinergic used orally and locally as an antipruritic.
4. Indication:  Indicated as symptomatic treatment of allergic reactions: urticaria, allergies of the upper respiratory tract such as hey fever and perennial rhinitis, food and drug allergies; pruritus of various origins, except pruritus due to cholestasis; insect bites. Dimethindene is also indicated for pruritus in eruptive skin diseases such as chicken-pox. Dimethindene can also be used as an adjuvant in eczema and other pruriginous dermatoses of allergic origin. 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Propoxycaine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic of the ester type that has a rapid onset of action and a longer duration of action than procaine hydrochloride [3]. This drug was removed from the US market in 1996. Although no longer available in the United States, this medication was used in combination with procaine to aid in anesthesia during dental procedures [5]. Used in combination with procaine, it was the only dental local anesthetic available in cartridge form [5].
4. Indication:  Propoxycaine is a local anesthetic medication. It was used beginning in the 1950s during dental procedures [4]. It has been combined with procaine to accelerate its onset of action and provide longer-lasting anesthetic effect [5].It was produced for use when amide local anesthetics were contraindicated due to allergy or when several amide anesthetics were unsuccessful [5].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Loratadine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Loratadine is a derivative of azatadine and a second-generation histamine H1 receptor antagonist used in the treatment of allergic rhinitis and urticaria. Unlike most classical antihistamines (histamine H1 antagonists) it lacks central nervous system depressing effects such as drowsiness. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  A self-medication that is used alone or in combination with pseudoephedrine sulfate for the symptomatic relief of seasonal allergic rhinitis. Also used for the symptomatic relief of pruritus, erythema, and urticaria associated with chronic idiopathic urticaria in patients (not for children under 6 unless directed by a clincian).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Loracarbef
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Loracarbef is a carbacephem antibiotic sometimes grouped together with the second-generation cephalosporin antibiotics. It is marketed under the trade name Lorabid.
4. Indication:  Used to treat upper respiratory tract bacterial infections, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, sinusitis, pharyntitis and tonsillitis, skin absceses, urinary tract infections and pyelonephritis caused by E. coli, S. pyogenes, S. aureus, S. saprphyticus, S. penumoniae, H. influenzae and M. catarrhalis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Carbinoxamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Carbinoxamine is a first generation antihistamine that competes with free histamine for binding at HA-receptor sites. This antagonizes the effects of histamine on HA-receptors, leading to a reduction of the negative symptoms brought on by histamine HA-receptor binding. The product label for carbinoxamine as an over the counter cough and cold medicine is being modified to state "do not use" in children under 4 years of age in order to prevent and reduce misuse, as many unapproved carbinoxamine-containing preparations contained inappropriate labeling, which promoted unapproved uses (including management of congestion, cough, the common cold, and the use in children under 2 years of age), which can potentially cause serious health risks.
4. Indication:  For symptomatic relief of seasonal and perennial allergic rhinitis and vasomotor rhinitis, as well as allergic conjunctivitis caused by foods and inhaled allergens. Also for the relief of allergic reactions to blood or plasma, and the symptomatic management of mild, uncomplicated allergic skin manifestations of urticaria and angioedema.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dalbavancin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dalbavancin is a second-generation lipoglycopeptide antibiotic that was designed to improve on the natural glycopeptides currently available, such as vancomycin and teicoplanin. Modifications from these older glycoprotein classes allowed a similar mechanism of action with increased activity and once weekly dosing. Its use is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, and S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus). Dalbavancin acts by interfering with cell wall synthesis by binding to the D-alanyl-D-alanine terminus of nascent cell wall peptidoglycan and preventing cross-linking.
4. Indication:  Dalbavancin is indicated for the treatment of acute bacterial skin and skin structure infections (ABSSSI) caused by the following gram-positive microorganisms: Staphylococcus aureus (including methicillin-susceptible and methicillin-resistant strains), S. pyogenes, S. agalactiae, and S. anginosus group (including S. anginosus, S. intermedius, and S. constellatus). It is administered as a 30 minute IV infusion in a two-dose regimen of 1000 mg followed by 500 mg one week later.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dornase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dornase alfa is a biosynthetic form of human deoxyribunuclease I (DNase I) enzyme. It is produced in genetically modified Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells using recombinant DNA technology. The 260-amino acid sequence of dornase alfa is identical to the endogenous human enzyme. Dornase alfa cleaves extracellular DNA to 5´-phosphodinucleotide and 5´-phosphooligonucleotide end products without affecting intracellular DNA. In individuals with cystic fibrosis, extracellular DNA, which is an extremely viscous anion, is released by degenerating leukocytes that accumulate during inflammatory responses to infections. Enzymatic breakdown of this extracellular DNA appears to reduce sputum viscosity and viscoelasticity.
4. Indication:  Used as adjunct therapy in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Furazolidone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A nitrofuran derivative with antiprotozoal and antibacterial activity. Furazolidone binds bacterial DNA which leads to the gradual inhibition of monoamine oxidase. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p514)
4. Indication:  For the specific and symptomatic treatment of bacterial or protozoal diarrhea and enteritis caused by susceptible organisms.
