DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  CHF 4227
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CHF 4227 is a new selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM). The compound has a high receptor affinity and has shown promising efficacy in the prevention of bone loss in animal models of osteoporosis. Additionally, the compound has shown no uterotrophic activity suggesting a potential therapeutic advantage over drugs normally used in postmenopausal therapy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in osteoporosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Elagolix
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Elagolix has been used in trials studying the basic science and treatment of Endometriosis, Folliculogenesis, Uterine Fibroids, Heavy Uterine Bleeding, and Heavy Menstrual Bleeding.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Ergonovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot alkaloid with uterine and vascular smooth muscle contractile properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat postpartum haemorrhage and postabortion haemorrhage in patients with uterine atony. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  MPI-674
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MPI-674 is an aromatase inhibitor (AI) with a well-established, multi-year chronic safety and tolerability profile. AIs are a class of drugs that reduce the amount of estrogen circulating in the body by binding to and inhibiting the enzyme aromatase, which is responsible for converting certain hormones to estrogen. It is developed for the treatment of several serious women’s health conditions including endometrial thinning prior to endometrial ablations in premenopausal women with abnormal uterine bleeding (AUB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in menstrual disorders.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Asoprisnil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asoprisnil (J867) is a selective progesterone receptor modulator. It can be used to treat progesterone sensitive myomata.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in uterine fibroids.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Axitinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Axitinib is an oral, potent, and selective inhibitor of vascular endothelial growth factor receptors (VEGFR) 1, 2, and 3. Axitinib is marketed under the name Inlyta®, and if one previous systemic therapy for kidney cell cancer has failed, axitinib is indicated.
4. Indication:  Used in kidney cell cancer and investigated for use/treatment in pancreatic and thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Ritodrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Adrenergic beta-agonist used to control premature labor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of premature labour
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Arzoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer, osteoporosis, and endometrial cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Relugolix
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Relugolix has been used in trials studying the treatment of Endometriosis, Prostate Cancer, Uterine Fibroids, and Androgen Deprivation Treatment-naïve Nonmetastatic Prostate Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Isoxsuprine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A beta-adrenergic agonist that causes direct relaxation of uterine and vascular smooth muscle. Its vasodilating actions are greater on the arteries supplying skeletal muscle than on those supplying skin. It is used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease and in premature labor.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Leuprolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Leuprolide belongs to the general class of drugs known as hormones or hormone antagonists. It is a synthetic 9 residue peptide analog of gonadotropin releasing hormone. Leuprolide is used to treat advanced prostate cancer. It is also used to treat uterine fibroids and endometriosis. Leuprolide is also under investigation for possible use in the treatment of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease.
4. Indication:  For treatment of prostate cancer, endometriosis, uterine fibroids and premature puberty
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Ramucirumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ramucirumab is a human monoclonal antibody (IgG1) against vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR2), a type II trans-membrane tyrosine kinase receptor expressed on endothelial cells. By binding to VEGFR2, ramucirumab prevents binding of its ligands (VEGF-A, VEGF-C, and VEGF-D), thereby preventing VEGF-stimulated receptor phosphorylation and downstream ligand-induced proliferation, permeability, and migration of human endothelial cells. VEGFR stimulation also mediates downstream signalling required for angiogenesis and is postulated to be heavily involved in cancer progression, making it a highly likely drug target. In contrast to other agents directed against VEGFR-2, ramucirumab binds a specific epitope on the extracellular domain of VEGFR-2, thereby blocking all VEGF ligands from binding to it. Ramucirumab is indicated for us in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
4. Indication:  For use in advanced gastric or gastro-esophageal junction adenocarcinoma as a single agent or in combination with paclitaxel after prior fluoropyrimidine- or platinum-containing chemotherapy.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Pipendoxifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ER modulator, ERA-923(Pipendoxifene) is a estrogen receptor modulator being evaluated for the treatment of breast cancer. Pipendoxifene is a new 2-phenyl indole selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERM )that exhibits an excellent preclinical pharmacological profile and was selected for further development as a treatment for metastatic breast cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Flurbiprofen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flurbiprofen, a propionic acid derivative, is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agent (NSAIA) with antipyretic and analgesic activity. Oral formulations of flurbiprofen may be used for the symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis and anklylosing spondylitis. Flurbiprofen may also be used topically prior to ocular surgery to prevent or reduce intraoperative miosis. Flurbiprofen is structurally and pharmacologically related to fenoprofen, ibuprofen, and ketoprofen.
4. Indication:  Flurbiprofen tablets are indicated for the acute or long-term symptomatic treatment of rheumatoid arthritis, osteorarthritis and anklosing spondylitis. It may also be used to treat pain associated with dysmenorrhea and mild to moderate pain accompanied by inflammation (e.g. bursitis, tendonitis, soft tissue trauma). Topical ophthalmic formulations may be used pre-operatively to prevent intraoperative miosis. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Progesterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The major progestational steroid that is secreted primarily by the corpus luteum and the placenta. Progesterone acts on the uterus, the mammary glands, and the brain. It is required in embryo implantation, pregnancy maintenance, and the development of mammary tissue for milk production. Progesterone, converted from pregnenolone, also serves as an intermediate in the biosynthesis of gonadal steroid hormones and adrenal corticosteroids.
4. Indication:  For progesterone supplementation or replacement as part of an Assisted Reproductive Technology (ART) treatment for infertile women with progesterone deficiency and for the treatment of secondary amenorrhea. Also used for the reduction of the incidence of endometrial hyperplasia and the attendant risk of endometrial carcinoma in postmenopausal women receiving estrogen replacement therapy, as well as treatment of abnormal uterine bleeding due to hormonal imbalance in the absence of organic pathology such as fibroids or uterine cancer.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Etodolac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Etodolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) with anti-inflammatory, analgesic and antipyretic properties. Its therapeutic effects are due to its ability to inhibit prostaglandin synthesis. It is indicated for relief of signs and symptoms of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
4. Indication:  For acute and long-term management of signs and symptoms of osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, as well as for the management of pain.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Sufugolix
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in endometriosis and uterine fibroids.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Zalypsis
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Zalypsis has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Ewing's Sarcoma, Endometrial Cancer, and Uterine Cervical Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
