DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gemeprost
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Gemeprost is a prostaglandin E1 (PGE1) analog and antiprogestogen used for preoperative dilation of the cervix before surgical abortion. It is available as vaginal suppositories and also used in combination with the antiprogestin and mifepristone for termination of 1st- and 2nd-trimester pregnancy [1]. It is not FDA-approved but available in Japan marketed as Preglandin.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the softening and dilatation of the cervix uteri prior to transcervical, intrauterine operative procedures in the first trimester of pregnancy or facilitating therapeutic termination of pregnancy in patients in the second trimester of gestation.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Zalypsis
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Zalypsis has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lymphoma, Solid Tumors, Ewing's Sarcoma, Endometrial Cancer, and Uterine Cervical Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ergonovine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot alkaloid with uterine and vascular smooth muscle contractile properties.
4. Indication:  Used to treat postpartum haemorrhage and postabortion haemorrhage in patients with uterine atony. 
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  R-851
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R-851 is part of the family of immune response modifier (IRM) and it acts in a novel way to stimulate the human body's immnune system to attack virus-infected cells and tumor cells. It is expected to be topical treatment for cervical displasia and cervical high-risk human papillomavirus (HPV), the sexually transmitted virus that causes most cases of cervical cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer and viral infection.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  TA-CIN
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TA-CIN is a subunit vaccine comprising L2/E6/E7 proteins from Human Papillomavirus (HPV16), designed to generate a strong cellular immune response against HPV-infected cells.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Dinoprostone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dinoprostone is a naturally occurring prostaglandin E2 (PGE2). It has important effects in labour. It also stimulates osteoblasts to release factors which stimualtes bone resorption by osteoclasts. As a prescription drug it is used as a vaginal suppository, to prepare the cervix for labour and to induce labour.
4. Indication:  For the termination of pregnancy during the second trimester (from the 12th through the 20th gestational week as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period), as well as for evacuation of the uterine contents in the management of missed abortion or intrauterine fetal death up to 28 weeks of gestational age as calculated from the first day of the last normal menstrual period. Also used in the management of nonmetastatic gestational trophoblastic disease (benign hydatidiform mole). Other indications include improving the cervical inducibility (cervical "ripening") in pregnant women at or near term with a medical or obstetrical need for labor induction, and the management of postpartum hemorrhage.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  MX6
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MX6 is adamantyl group derivatives containing retinoid-related compounds induce apoptosis of cancer cells and therefore may be used for the treatment of cancer, including advanced cancer. More specifically, it has been shown that such adamantyl compounds, e.g., 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, 2-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4-methoxyphenyl]-5-benzimidazole carboxylic acid, and 6-[3-(1-adamantyl)-4,5-methylenedioxyphenyl]-2-naphthoic acid, can be used to treat or prevent cervical cancers and precancers such as cervical dysplasias, including high grade and low grade dysplasias.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Terbutaline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A selective beta-2 adrenergic agonist used as a bronchodilator and tocolytic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention and reversal of bronchospasm in patients 12 years of age and older with reversible, obstructive airway disease, as well as symptomatic management of reversible bronchospasm associated with bronchitis and emphysema. Also used acute IV and sub-Q therapy in selected women to inhibit uterine contractions in preterm labor (tocolysis) and prolong gestation when beneficial.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  PTC299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PTC299 is a novel, orally administered small-molecule designed to inhibit the production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in tumors. Overexpression of VEGF plays a key role in multiple diseases including cancer and macular degeneration. PTC299 was discovered through PTC's GEMS technology by targeting the post-transcriptional processes that regulate VEGF formation, and is currently being developed for the treatment of cancer. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Dinoprost Tromethamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  The tromethamine (THAM) salt of the naturally occurring prostaglandin F2 alpha, dinoprost tromethamine occurs as a white to off-white, very hygroscopic, crystalline powder. Dinoprost tromethamine may also be known as dinoprost trometamol, PGF2 alpha THAM, or prostaglandin F2 alpha tromethamine.
4. Indication:  Used for aborting second-trimester pregnancy (between the twelfth to eighteenth week of gestation) and in incomplete abortion or for therapeutic abortion in cases of intrauterine fetal death and congenital abnormalities incompatible with life. Also used at low-doses for medically indicated induction of labor at term. Also injected intra-arterially for use as a vasodilator to assist in angiography.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Proellex
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Proellex is an orally-available, selective progesterone receptor modulator, is in development to alleviate symptoms associated with both uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of uterine fibroids and endometriosis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Sivifene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, and skin cancer.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Testosterone cypionate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Testosterone cypionate is a synthetic derivative of testosterone in the form of an oil-soluble 17 (beta)-cyclopentylpropionate ester. Its benefit compared to other testosterone derivatives is the slow rate of release after injection and longer half-life. The characteristics of testosterone cypionate and testosterone enanthate are very similar, therefore both of them tend to be interchangeable.[6] It was developed by the company Pharmacia and Upjohn and FDA approved on July 25, 1979.
4. Indication:  Testosterone cypionate is used in males that present conditions derived from a deficiency or absence of endogenous testosterone. These conditions are 1) primary hypogonadism, defined as the testicular failure due to cryptorchidism, bilateral torsion, orchitis, vanishing testis syndrome or orchidectomy; and 2) hypogonadotropic hypogonadism characterized by idiopathic gonadotropin, LHRH deficiency or pituitary-hypothalamic injury from tumors, trauma or radiation.[7]
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Amolimogene
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Amolimogene is an investigational therapeutic designed to specifically augment the body's defensive response to human papillomavirus (HPV). Amolimogene was biologically engineered as a targeted therapy for the treatment of cervical dysplasia.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of cervical dysplasia associated with the human papillomavirus (HPV).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sacituzumab govitecan
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sacituzumab govitecan has been used in trials studying the treatment of Breast Cancer, Cervical Cancer, Renal Cell Cancer, Colorectal Cancer, and Esophageal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dibotermin alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dibotermin alfa is a recombinant human bone morphogenetic protein-2 (rhBMP-2) derived from a recombinant Chinese Hamster Ovary (CHO) cell line [FDA Label]. It is implanted in patients undergoing bone surgeries or those with fractures. BMPs are subfamily of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily that have different actions on the bone matrix [2]. BMP-2 is a potent osteoinductive protein that plays a critical role in the differentiation of osteoprogenitor cells into osteoblasts, thus promoting bone and cartilage formation [3]. Through enhancing osteogenesis at the site of implantation, dibotermin alfa accelerates the healing of open tibial shaft fractures and reduces the need for secondary intervention [1]. In a prospective clinical study of patients with an open tibial fracture, administration of dibotermin alfa resulted in faster fracture- or wound-healing, significantly fewer secondary invasive interventions, and reduced infection rate post-operation [1]. Dibotermin alfa was approved by the EMA in 2002 as Inductos for implantation matrix. In 2004, it was approved by the FDA and is marketed as Infuse. In Infuse, rhBMP is a disulfide-linked dimeric protein molecule with two major subunit species of 114 and 131 amino acids. Each subunit is glycosylated with high-mannose-type glycans [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  indicated for the treatment of acute tibia fractures in adults, as an adjunct to standard care using open fracture reduction and intramedullary unreamed nail fixation [FDA Label].indicated for single-level lumbar interbody spine fusion as a substitute for autogenous bone graft in adults with degenerative disc disease who have had at least 6 months of non-operative treatment for this condition [5].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Sizofiran
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A beta-D-glucan obtained from the Aphyllophoral fungus Schizophyllum commune. It is used as an immunoadjuvant in the treatment of neoplasms, especially tumors found in the stomach. Sizofiran has been used in trials studying the treatment of Cervical Cancer.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  HspE7
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  HspE7 is a recombinant chimeric protein composed of the heat shock protein 65 (Hsp65) from Mycobacterium bovis, and the human papilloma viral (HPV) protein E7. Hsp65, similar to other members of its family of proteins, elicits a strong immune response and may be used to design vaccines against a number of different cancers. E7 protein is involved in carcinogenesis of anal and cervical tumors, and represents a tumor antigen that may be specifically targeted by lymphocytes. It is being developed by StressGen Biotechnologies Corp.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anal dysplasia, cervical dysplasia/cancer, genital warts, HIV infection, infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified), pediatric indications, warts, and viral infection.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Isosorbide Mononitrate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isosorbide mononitrate is a drug used principally in the treatment of angina pectoris and acts by dilating the blood vessels so as to reduce the blood pressure. It is sold by AstraZeneca under the trade name Imdur.Isosorbide mononitrate is used to for the the prophylactic treatment of angina pectoris; that is, it is taken in order to prevent or at least reduce the occurrence of angina. Research on Isosorbide mononitrate as a cervical ripener to reduce time at hospital to birth is supportive.Isosorbide mononitrate is an active metabolite of isosorbide dinitrate and exerts qualitatively similar effects. Isosorbide mononitrate reduces the workload of the heart by producing venous and arterial dilation. By reducing the end diastolic pressure and volume, isosorbide mononitrate lowers intramural pressure, hence leading to an improvement in the subendocardial blood flow. The net effect when administering isosorbide mononitrate is therefore a reduced workload for the heart and an improvement in the oxygen supply/demand balance of the myocardium.The adverse reactions which follow have been reported in studies with isosorbide mononitrate:Very common. Headache predominates (up to 30%) necessitating withdrawal of 2 to 3 % of patients, but the incidence reduces rapidly as treatment continues .Common. Tiredness, sleep disturbances (6%) and gastrointestinal disturbances (6%) have been reported during clinical trials with isosorbide mononitrate modified release tablets, but at a frequency no greater than for placebo. Hypotension (4 to 5%), poor appetite (2.5%), nausea (1%).Adverse effects associated with the clinical use of the drug are as expected with all nitrate preparations. They occur mainly in the early stages of treatment.Hypotension (4%) with symptoms such as dizziness and nausea (1%) have been reported. These symptoms generally disappear during long-term treatment.Other reactions that have been reported with isosorbide mononitrate modified release tablets include tachycardia, vomiting, diarrhoea, vertigo and heartburn
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease and the treatment of acute and chronic angina pectoris, hypertension, and myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Acenocoumarol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Acenocoumarol is a coumarin derivative used as an anticoagulant. Coumarin derivatives inhibit the reduction of vitamin K by vitamin K reductase. This prevents carboxylation of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors, II, VII, XI and X, and interferes with coagulation. Hematocrit, hemoglobin, international normalized ratio and liver panel should be monitored. Patients on acenocoumarol are prohibited from giving blood. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prevention of thromboembolic diseases. More specifically, it is indicated for the for the prevention of cerebral embolism, deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism, thromboembolism in infarction and transient ischemic attacks. It is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and myocardial infarction.
