DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Tesidolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Gevokizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gevokizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris, Osteoarthritis, Behcet's Uveitis, Pyoderma Gangrenosum, and Behcet's Disease Uveitis, among others. Gevokizumab acts as a modulator of cytokine imbalance in IL-1 mediated disease states. It has a very high binding affinity of 300fM and blocks the activation of IL-1 receptors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Loteprednol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Loteprednol (as Loteprednol Etabonate) is a topical corticoid antiinflammatory. It is used in ophthalmic solution for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, is used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  As an ophthalmic it is used for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Isotretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isotretinoin is a medication used for the treatment of severe acne. It is sometimes used in prevention of certain skin cancers. It is a retinoid, meaning it derives from vitamin A and is found in small quantities naturally in the body. Isotretinoin binds to and activates nuclear retinoic acid receptors (RAR), thereby regulating cell proliferation and differentiation. This agent also exhibits immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory responses and inhibits ornithine decarboxylase, thereby decreasing polyamine synthesis and keratinization.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of severe recalcitrant nodular acne
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Rimexolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rimexolone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat inflammation in the eye. It is marketed as a 1% eye drop solution under the trade name Vexol
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation following ocular surgery and in the treatment of anterior uveitis.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Secukinumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Fluocinolone Acetonide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid derivative used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. It is usually employed as a cream, gel, lotion, or ointment. It has also been used topically in the treatment of inflammatory eye, ear, and nose disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732). It is also being investigated by Sivida and Alimera, under the brand name Medidur, as a sustained release intraocular implant for the treatment of diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses. Also for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis affecting the posterior segment of the eye (Retisert).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Latanoprostene Bunod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Latanoprostene Bunod has been used in trials studying the treatment of Glaucoma, Ocular Hypertension, Open-Angle Glaucoma, Open Angle Glaucoma, and Intraocular Pressure.As of November 2, 2017 the FDA approved Bausch + Lomb's Vyzulta (latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution), 0.024% for the indication of reducing intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Latanoprostene bunod is the first prostaglandin analog with one of its metabolites being nitric oxide (NO). The novelty of this agent subsequently lies in the proposed dual mechanism of action that stems from both its prostaglandin F2-alpha analog latanoprost acid metabolite and its ability to donate NO for proposed tissue/cell relaxation effects.In comparison, both latanoprost and latanoprostene bunod contain a latanoprost acid backbone. Conversely however, latanoprostene bunod integrates an NO-donating moiety in lieu of the isopropyl ester typically found in latanoprost.
4. Indication:  Latanoprostene bunod opthalmic solution is indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension [FDA Label].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Pembrolizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pembrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that blocks the interaction between PD-1 and its ligands, PD-L1 and PD-L2. It is used for the treatment of several types of cancer such as, Melanoma, Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer and Head and Neck Cancer.Due to its success in clinical trials, pembrolizumab was approved early to allow quick patient access and was given breakthrough therapy and orphan drug designation. Pembrolizumab (as Keytruda) was approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to treat advanced cases of the most common type of lung malignancy, non-small cell lung cancer on Oct. 2, 2015. Keytruda was additionally approved for the treatment of Classical Hodgkin Lymphoma (cHL) in March, 2017.
4. Indication:  Pembrolizumab is a programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1)-blocking antibody indicated for the treatment of: patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors have high PD-L1 expression [(Tumor Proportion Score (TPS) ≥50%)] as determined by an FDA-approved test, with no EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations, and no prior systemic chemotherapy treatment for metastatic NSCLC. patients with metastatic NSCLC whose tumors express PD-L1 (TPS ≥1%) as determined by an FDA-approved test, with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. Patients with EGFR or ALK genomic tumor aberrations should have disease progression on FDA-approved therapy for these aberrations prior to receiving KEYTRUDA. patients with recurrent or metastatic HNSCC with disease progression on or after platinum-containing chemotherapy. This indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response. Continued approval for this indication may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in the confirmatory trials. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tacrolimus
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tacrolimus (also FK-506 or Fujimycin) is an immunosuppressive drug whose main use is after organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so the risk of organ rejection. It is also used in a topical preparation in the treatment of severe atopic dermatitis, severe refractory uveitis after bone marrow transplants, and the skin condition vitiligo. It was discovered in 1984 from the fermentation broth of a Japanese soil sample that contained the bacteria Streptomyces tsukubaensis. Tacrolimus is chemically known as a macrolide. It reduces peptidyl-prolyl isomerase activity by binding to the immunophilin FKBP-12 (FK506 binding protein) creating a new complex. This FKBP12-FK506 complex interacts with and inhibits calcineurin thus inhibiting both T-lymphocyte signal transduction and IL-2 transcription.
4. Indication:  For use after allogenic organ transplant to reduce the activity of the patient's immune system and so the risk of organ rejection. It was first approved by the FDA in 1994 for use in liver transplantation, this has been extended to include kidney, heart, small bowel, pancreas, lung, trachea, skin, cornea, and limb transplants. It has also been used in a topical preparation in the treatment of severe atopic dermatitis.
