DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Rimexolone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Rimexolone is a glucocorticoid steroid used to treat inflammation in the eye. It is marketed as a 1% eye drop solution under the trade name Vexol
4. Indication:  For the treatment of postoperative inflammation following ocular surgery and in the treatment of anterior uveitis.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Fluorometholone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A glucocorticoid employed, usually as eye drops, in the treatment of allergic and inflammatory conditions of the eye. It has also been used topically in the treatment of various skin disorders. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p732)
4. Indication:  For the ophthalmic treatment of corticosteroid-responsive inflammation of the palpebral and bulbar conjunctiva, cornea and anterior segment of the globe.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tesidolumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tesidolumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Geographic Atrophy, Non-infectious Panuveitis, Exudative Macular Degeneration, Non-infectious Posterior Uveitis, and Age-related Macular Degeneration, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Gevokizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Gevokizumab has been used in trials studying the treatment of Acne Vulgaris, Osteoarthritis, Behcet's Uveitis, Pyoderma Gangrenosum, and Behcet's Disease Uveitis, among others. Gevokizumab acts as a modulator of cytokine imbalance in IL-1 mediated disease states. It has a very high binding affinity of 300fM and blocks the activation of IL-1 receptors.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Somatrem
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  In 1985 somatrem (methionyl-growth hormone) became the first recombinant growth hormone product to be marketed commercially (Protropin by Genentech) [3]. The agent has the same amino acid sequence as human growth hormone except for an extra methionine at the end of the sequence chain to facilitate its manufacturing process [3].Although the first commercially marketed recombinant growth hormone product Protropin was discontinued in 2004 owing to a relative explosion in brand and generic based releases of competing companies' own recombinant growth hormone products and the ensuing competition in product price over the years, many companies now produce and sell various approved formulations of methionyl-growth hormone, including Genetech's own current Nutropin product [3].Despite the ability of almost all contemporary recombinant growth hormones to cause definite and demonstrable increases in growth rate in patients who are administered the drug, the use of these agents continues to be mired in persistent bioethical debate [1]. Such discussion revolves around whether patients' natural disposition of short stature should be considered a medical condition justifying medical treatment with such hormone therapy - especially when these hormone agents have been proven effective at increasing the height of children with or without growth hormone deficiency [1].
4. Indication:  Somatrem is a recombinant human growth hormone indicated for: (a) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to growth hormone deficiency (GHD), (b) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to idiopathic short stature (ISS), (c) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to Turner syndrome (TS), (d) treatment of paediatric patients with growth failure due to chronic kidney disease (CKD) up to the time of renal transplantation, (e) treatment of adults with childhood-onset GHD, or (f) treatment of adults with adult-onset GHD [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Cenderitide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cenderitide is under investigation for the treatment of ST Elevation (STEMI) Myocardial Infarction of Anterior Wall.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pegvisomant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pegvisomant is a highly selective growth hormone (GH) receptor antagonist. It is used to treat acromegaly. Unlike dopamine or somatostatin analogs (which inhibit growth hormone secretion), this drug actually blocks the hepatic (GH-mediated) production of insulin like growth factor (IGF-1), which is the main mediator of growth hormone activity.
4. Indication:  Pegvisomant is a growth hormone receptor antagonist used for the treatment of acromegaly.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Loteprednol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Loteprednol (as Loteprednol Etabonate) is a topical corticoid antiinflammatory. It is used in ophthalmic solution for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, is used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
4. Indication:  As an ophthalmic it is used for the treatment of steroid responsive inflammatory conditions of the eye such as allergic conjunctivitis, uveitis, acne rosacea, superficial punctate keratitis, herpes zoster keratitis, iritis, cyclitis, and selected infective conjunctivitides. As a nasal spray, used for the treatment and management of seasonal allergic rhinitis.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Corticotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Corticotropin (ACTH or adrenocorticotropic hormone) is a polypeptide hormone produced and secreted by the pituitary gland. It is an important player in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic agent in the screening of patients presumed to have adrenocortical insufficiency.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  AP1081
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A transdermal gel containing ethinyl estradiol and norelgestromin being investigated by Antares Pharma for use as a female contraceptive.
4. Indication:  For use as a female contraceptive.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Corticorelin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Corticotropin-releasing factor is studied in the treatment of brain cancer. It is made naturally by the hypothalamus (a part of the brain) and can also be made in the laboratory. Human corticotropin-releasing factor may help reduce symptoms caused by edema (swelling) of the brain. It is a type of neurohormone, also called hCRF.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer and neurologic disorders.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dapiprazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dapiprazole (U.S. trade name Rev-Eyes) is an alpha blocker. It is used to reverse mydriasis after eye examination. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of iatrogenically induced mydriasis produced by adrenergic (phenylephrine) or parasympatholytic (tropicamide) agents used in certain eye examinations.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Gonadorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Gonadorelin is another name for gonadotropin-releasing hormone (GnRH). It is a synthetic decapeptide prepared using solid phase peptide synthesis. GnRH is responsible for the release of follicle stimulating hormone and leutinizing hormone from the anterior pitutitary.
4. Indication:  For evaluating the functional capacity and response of the gonadotropes of the anterior pituitary also for evaluating residual gonadotropic function of the pituitary following removal of a pituitary tumor by surgery and/or irradiation.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sermorelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sermorelin acetate is the acetate salt of an amidated synthetic 29-amino acid peptide (GRF 1-29 NH 2 ) that corresponds to the amino-terminal segment of the naturally occurring human growth hormone-releasing hormone (GHRH or GRF) consisting of 44 amino acid residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of dwarfism, prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Danazol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A synthetic steroid with antigonadotropic and anti-estrogenic activities that acts as an anterior pituitary suppressant by inhibiting the pituitary output of gonadotropins. It possesses some androgenic properties. Danazol has been used in the treatment of endometriosis and some benign breast disorders. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of endometriosis and fibrocystic breast disease (in patients unresponsive to simple measures). Also used for the prophylactic treatment of all types of hereditary angioedema in males and females.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Secukinumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Secukinumab (Cosentyx) is a human monoclonal antibody designed for the treatment of uveitis, rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and psoriasis. Secukinumab is an interleukin-17A (IL-17A) inhibitor marketed by Novartis. IL-17 is a group of proinflammatory cytokines released by cells of the immune system and and exist in higher levels in many immune conditions associated with chronic inflammation. By targeting IL-17A, secukinumab has shown excellent efficacy in psoriasis by normalizing skin histology and was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration on January 21, 2015 to treat adults with moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe plaque psoriasis in patients that are candidates for systemic therapy or phototherapy. 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Somatotropin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human growth hormone (somatotropin) 191 residues, MW 22.1 kD, synthesized in E. coli
4. Indication:  For treatment of dwarfism, acromegaly and prevention of HIV-induced weight loss
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Quinestrol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-cyclopentyl ether of ethinyl estradiol.
4. Indication:  Used in hormone replacement therapy, treating symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes. Also used to treat breast and prostate cancer.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Nivolumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nivolumab is a fully human IgG4 monoclonal antibody that acts as an immunomodulator by blocking ligand activation of programmed cell death 1 (PD-1) receptor on T cells. It is indicated for use in patients with unresectable (cannot be surgically removed) or metastatic melanoma who no longer respond to other drugs. Nivolumab is administered as an intravenous infusion over 60 minutes every 2 weeks.
4. Indication:  Nivolumab is indicated for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma for patients who no longer respond to treatment with other drugs. It is intended for use in patients who have been previously treated with ipilimumab and is used for melanoma patients after treatment with ipilimumab and a BRAF inhibitor in patients whose tumors express BRAF V600 gene mutations. Historically there have been very few effective treatments for advanced melanoma, which is why this product was approved under an FDA accelerated program to allow earlier patient access.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Menotropins
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menotropins contains follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) and luteinizing hormone (LH) purified from the urine of postmenopausal women. It is used as a fertility medication that is injected either subcutaneously or intramuscularly. It is composed of LH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta = 121 residues and FSH with 2 subunits, alpha = 92 residues, beta=111 residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of female infertility
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Acetylcholine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neurotransmitter. Acetylcholine in vertebrates is the major transmitter at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. It is generally not used as an administered drug because it is broken down very rapidly by cholinesterases, but it is useful in some ophthalmological applications. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to obtain miosis of the iris in seconds after delivery of the lens in cataract surgery, in penetrating keratoplasty, iridectomy and other anterior segment surgery where rapid miosis may be required.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Setmelanotide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Setmelanotide has been investigated for the treatment of Obese and Overweight.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Protirelin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Protirelin is the pharmaceutically available synthetic analogue of the endogenous peptide thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH). It is a tri-peptide tropic hormone, released by the hypothalamus, that stimulates the release of Thyroid Stimulating Hormone (TSH) and prolactin from the anterior pituitary. Although not currently available in any FDA-approved product, protirelin is a component of the TRH Test where it is used to test the response of the anterior pituitary gland in conditions such as secondary hypothyroidism and acromegaly. 
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mestranol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The 3-methyl ether of ethinyl estradiol. It must be demethylated to be biologically active. It is used as the estrogen component of many combination ORAL contraceptives.
4. Indication:  Mestranol was used as one of the first oral contraceptives.
