DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Ospemifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ospemifene is a new selective non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is used for the treatment of moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause. FDA approved on February 26, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ospemifene is used for the treatment of moderate to dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Dequalinium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dequalinium is a quaternary ammonium cation that contains two quaternary quinolinium units linked by an N-decylene chain. It is an antiseptic and disinfectant agent with a broad bactericidal and fungicidal activity. It is most commonly available as a dichloride salt but is available as other various salts as well. It is used in wound dressings and mouth infections and may also have antifungal action, but may associate with skin ulceration. Dequalinium chloride is used as an active ingredient in tablets as Fluomizin for vaginal bacterial infections and in topical bacteriostat formulation as Dequadin. It has been studied for use in treatment of malaria and acute promyelocytic leukemia. Its multiple mode of action is thought to reduce the risk of resistance of pathogens.
4. Indication:  Effective local treatment as vaginal tablets for infections such as fluor vaginalis, bacterial vaginosis, aerobic vaginitis, vulvo-vaginal candidiasis and trichomoniasis. Used as a topical antimicrobial agent. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Miconazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole antifungal agent that is used topically and by intravenous infusion. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For topical application in the treatment of tinea pedis (athlete’s foot), tinea cruris, and tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum, Trichophyton mentagrophytes, and Epidermophyton floccosum, in the treatment of cutaneous candidiasis (moniliasis), and in the treatment of tinea versicolor.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Nonoxynol-9
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Nonoxynol-9 (N-9) is a typical surfactant used as a vaginal spermicide. Spermicides are locally acting non-hormonal contraceptives. When present in the vagina during intercourse, they immobilize/inactivate/damage and/or kill sperms without eliciting systemic effects. N-9 has been in use for more than 30 years as an over-the-counter (OTC) drug in creams, gels, foams and condom lubricants. It is the most commonly used spermicidal contraceptive in the UK and the USA. In several European countries, spermicides are no longer on the market.
4. Indication:  Nonoxynol 9 is a surfactant spermicide used for contraception in spermicidal creams, jellies, foams, gel, and lubricants. It is also used in conjuction with other methods of contraception, including condoms, cervical caps and diaphragms.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Terconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Terconazole is an anti-fungal medication, primarily used to treat vaginal fungal infections. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of candidiasis (a yeast-like fungal infection) of the vulva and vagina.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Butoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Butoconazole is an imidazole antifungal used in gynecology.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (infections caused by Candida)
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Clotrimazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  An imidazole derivative with a broad spectrum of antimycotic activity. It inhibits biosynthesis of the sterol ergostol, an important component of fungal cell membranes. Its action leads to increased membrane permeability and apparent disruption of enzyme systems bound to the membrane. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of oropharyngeal candidiasis and vaginal yeast infections, also used in fungal infections of the skin such as ringworm, athlete's foot, and jock itch.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  V1003
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  V1003 is an intranasal formulation of buprenorphine, an opiate analgesic, for the management of post-operative pain in hospital and home settings. Buprenorphine is a well-known analgesic and the intranasal formulation has the potential to provide a convenient alternative to other treatments, allowing patients to manage their post-operative pain both prior to discharge from hospital and at home during their recovery period.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  C31G
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  C31G is a potent broad spectrum antimicrobial agent, effective against gram positive and gram negative bacteria, yeast and fungi.C31G, vaginal gel is developed by Biosyn Inc. and has commenced enrollment in a phase III pivotal clinical trial for the reduction of sexual transmission of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in contraception, HIV infection, and prevention of stdis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Trimethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant effective in absence seizures, but generally reserved for refractory cases because of its toxicity. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p378)
4. Indication:  Used in the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Boric acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Boric acid, also known as hydrogen borate, is a weak monobasic Lewis acid of boron with the chemical formula H3BO3. It is found as a component in cosmetics and pharmaceutical products in addition to industrial processes [4]. Boric acid can also be found in antiseptic products, as it exhibits antibacterial activity against infections such as bacterial vaginosis and candidiasis [1].
4. Indication:  No FDA- or EMA-approved therapeutic indications on its own.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Estrogens, esterified
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Esterified estrogens contain a mixture of estrogenic substances; the principle component is estrone. Preparations contain 75% to 85% sodium estrone sulfate and 6% to 15% sodium equilin sulfate such that the total is not <90%. Esterified estrogens are a man-made mixture of estrogens that are used to treat symptoms of menopause such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness, vaginal burning or irritation, or other hormonal changes in the vagina. It is being also for the prevention and treatment of osteoporosis.
4. Indication:  Esterified estrogens are indicated to replace estrogen in women with ovarian failure or other conditions that cause a lack of natural estrogen in the body.It is also indicated for the treatment of symptoms of breast cancer in both men and women. In men it can be used for the treatment of advanced prostate cancer.It is also indicated for the treatment of menopausal symptoms. 
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Isoconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Isoconazole is an azole antifungal drug that has similar effectiveness to clotrimazole in the treatment of foot and vaginal infections.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Trichloroethylene
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The chemical compound trichloroethylene is a halocarbon commonly used as an industrial solvent. It is a clear non-flammable liquid with a sweet smell. It should not be confused with the similar 1,1,1-trichloroethane, which is commonly known as chlorothene. The IUPAC name is trichloroethene. Industrial abbreviations include TCE, trichlor, Trike, Tricky and tri. It has been sold under a variety of trade names. Under the trade names Trimar and Trilene, trichloroethylene was used as a volatile anesthetic and as an inhaled obstetrical analgesic in millions of patients. Groundwater and drinking water contamination from industrial discharge is a major concern for human health and has precipitated numerous incidents and lawsuits. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aluminium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A metallic element that has the atomic number 13, atomic symbol Al, and atomic weight 26.98.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Sulfanilamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfanilamide is a molecule containing the sulfonamide functional group attached to an aniline. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vulvovaginitis caused by Candida albicans.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Clonazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  An anticonvulsant used for several types of seizures, including myotonic or atonic seizures, photosensitive epilepsy, and absence seizures, although tolerance may develop. It is seldom effective in generalized tonic-clonic or partial seizures. The mechanism of action appears to involve the enhancement of gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor responses. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Clonazepam is used as an anticonvulsant in the treatment of the Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (petit mal variant), akinetic and myoclonic seizures. It can also be used for the treatment of panic disorders. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Potassium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Potassium is the major cation (positive ion) inside animal cells, while sodium is the major cation outside animal cells. The concentration differences of these charged particles causes a difference in electric potential between the inside and outside of cells, known as the membrane potential. The balance between potassium and sodium is maintained by ion pumps in the cell membrane. The cell membrane potential created by potassium and sodium ions allows the cell generate an action potential—a "spike" of electrical discharge. The ability of cells to produce electrical discharge is critical for body functions such as neurotransmission, muscle contraction, and heart function. Potassium is also an essential mineral needed to regulate water balance, blood pressure and levels of acidity.
4. Indication:  Potassium is used to regulate hypokalemia as a primary condition or secondary to other medical conditions. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Clotiazepam
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Clotiazepam is a benzodiazepine derivative, not approved for sale in the U.S. or Canada, but has been approved in the U.K. It is a schedule IV drug in Canada.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of anxiety disorders.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nystatin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nystatin is a polyene antifungal drug to which many molds and yeasts are sensitive, including Candida spp. Nystatin has some toxicity associated with it when given intravenously, but it is not absorbed across intact skin or mucous membranes. It is considered a relatively safe drug for treating oral or gastrointestinal fungal infections.
4. Indication:  For treatment of cutaneous or mucocutaneous mycotic infections caused by Candida species
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Tioconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tioconazole is an antifungal medication of the Imidazole class used to treat infections caused by a fungus or yeast. Tioconazole topical (skin) preparations are also available for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or "sun fungus". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (moniliasis).
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Flunisolide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Flunisolide (marketed as AeroBid, Nasalide, Nasarel) is a corticosteroid often prescribed as treatment for allergic rhinitis. The principle mechanism of action of flunisolide is to activate glucocorticoid receptors. It also has anti-inflammatory action.
4. Indication:  For the maintenance treatment of asthma as a prophylactic therapy.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Seletracetam
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Seletracetam is a pyrrolidone derivative and with a structural similarity to newer generation antiepileptic drug levetiracetam. It binds to the same target as levetiracetam but with higher affinity and has shown potent seizure suppression in models of acquired and genetic epilepsy with high CNS tolerability. It is predicted to have low drug-drug interactions and inhibition or induction of any major human metabolizing enzymes. Seletracetam was in Phase II clinical trials under the supervision of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) investigated as treatment of epilepsy and partial epilepsy however its development had been put on hold in July 2007. As of 2010, its production was further halted due to the investigation of a newer antiepileptic agent, brivaracetam.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in epilepsy.
