DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegnivacogin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Iroxanadine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and vascular diseases as a cardioprotective agent. Its use has also been suggested for the prevention of early restenosis following vascular surgery or balloon angioplasty.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Serelaxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Recombinant human relaxin is a hormone produced during pregnancy that facilitates the birth process by causing a softening and lengthening of the cervix and the pubic symphysis (the place where the pubic bones come together).It is a heterodimer protein secreted by the corpus luteum and placenta during pregnancy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, congestive heart failure, infertility, peripheral vascular disease, and scleroderma.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  AE-941
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AE-941 is a naturally occurring anti-angiogenic compound, extracted from cartilage, with multiple anti-angiogenic mechanisms of action that provide broad therapeutic potential for a number of diseases. It is currently in international Phase III trials for renal cell carcinoma and non-small-cell lung cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in kidney cancer, lung cancer, macular degeneration, multiple myeloma, prostate cancer, and psoriasis and psoriatic disorders.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Thioctic acid tromethamine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  A salt of alpha-lipoic acid and tromethamine; may be useful in treating vascular stress in patients with diabetes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetes mellitus type 2, neuropathy (diabetic), and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  DG041
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG041 is a novel, first-in-class, orally-administered small molecule developmented for the prevention of arterial thrombosis and its complications.DG041, an anti-platelet compound, has shown to be a selective and potent antagonist of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandins E2. EP3 is a target that associates with increased risk of various vascular diseases. It block the formation of blood clots mediated through inflammation in atherosclerotic plaques but without increasing bleeding risk.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  PZ-128
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PZ-128 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Heart Diseases, Coronary Disease, Arteriosclerosis, Vascular Diseases, and Myocardial Ischemia, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  OPC-28326
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  At low doses, OPC 28326 selectively vasodilates the femoral arterial bed due to its inhibitory action at alpha-2-adrenoceptors while having minimal action on systemic blood pressure, heart rate and coronary, carotid, vertebral, renal, and mesenteric blood flows. It is the only clinical compound with this profile. It is currently being investigated in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and Raynaud's syndrome.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease and raynaud's disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Nesiritide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nesiritide is a medication used to treat acutely decompensated congestive heart failure with dyspnea at rest or with minimal exertion (such as talk, eating or bathing). Nesiritide is the recombinant form of the 32 amino acid human B-type natriuretic peptide, which is normally produced by the ventricular myocardium.
4. Indication:  For the intravenous treatment of patients with acutely decompensated congestive heart failure who have dyspnea at rest or with minimal activity.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Cyclandelate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A direct-acting smooth muscle relaxant used to dilate blood vessels. It may cause gastrointestinal distress and tachycardia. Cyclandelate is not approved for use in the U.S. or Canada, but is approved in various European countries.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of various blood vessel diseases (e.g., claudication, arteriosclerosis and Raynaud's disease) and nighttime leg cramps.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Milrinone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A positive inotropic cardiotonic agent with vasodilator properties. It inhibits cAMP phosphodiesterase activity in myocardium and vascular smooth muscle. Milrinone is a derivative of amrinone and has 20-30 times the ionotropic potency of amrinone. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of congestive heart failure.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  PTC299
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PTC299 is a novel, orally administered small-molecule designed to inhibit the production of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in tumors. Overexpression of VEGF plays a key role in multiple diseases including cancer and macular degeneration. PTC299 was discovered through PTC's GEMS technology by targeting the post-transcriptional processes that regulate VEGF formation, and is currently being developed for the treatment of cancer. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Enprofylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Enprofylline is a derivative of theophylline which shares bronchodilator properties. Enprofylline is used in asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy. Long-term enprofylline administration may be associated with elevation in liver enzyme levels and unpredictable blood levels.
4. Indication:  Used in the management of symptoms of asthma. Also used in the treatment of peripheral vascular diseases and in the management of cerebrovascular insufficiency, sickle cell disease, and diabetic neuropathy.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  ETC-588
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ETC-588, or LUV (large unilamellar vesicles), is made of naturally occurring lipids that circulate through arteries to facilitate the role of high-density lipoprotein (HDL) in removing accumulated cholesterol and other lipids from cells including those in the arterial wall. LUV are capable of transporting excess cholesterol from the vasculature to the liver for eventual elimination as part of the reverse lipid transport (RLT) pathway. It is believed that the removal of cholesterol by ETC-588 through this pathway may result in the reversal of atherosclerosis. Esperion is currently developing ETC-588 as a treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  TG-100801
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TG100801 is a topically applied kinase inhibitor in macular degeneration patients. It is administered noninvasivelyas an eye drop and is designed to suppress VEGF mediated leakage and additional kinase targets associated with inflammation, edema, and angiogenesis which are the pathological hallmarks of AMD and other back of the eye diseases including diabetic macular edema and proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Isosorbide Dinitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A vasodilator used in the treatment of angina pectoris. Its actions are similar to nitroglycerin but with a slower onset of action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of angina pectoris due to coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CRx-119
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CRx-119 is a novel synergistic combination drug candidate discovered using the CombinatoRx combination High Throughput Screening (cHTS(TM)) technology with potential therapeutic use in a broad range of immuno-inflammatory conditions. CRx-119 is a combination of a low dose of the steroid prednisolone, 3mg, and amoxapine.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in periodontal disease and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Nitric Oxide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Nitric oxide or Nitrogen monoxide is a chemical compound with chemical formula NO. This gas is an important signaling molecule in the body of mammals including humans and is an extremely important intermediate in the chemical industry. It is also a toxic air pollutant produced by automobile engines and power plants.Nitric oxide (NO) should not be confused with nitrous oxide (N2O), a general anaesthetic, or with nitrogen dioxide (NO2) which is another poisonous air pollutant.The nitric oxide molecule is a free radical, which is relevant to understanding its high reactivity. It reacts with the ozone in air to form nitrogen dioxide, signalled by the appearance of the reddish-brown color.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of term and near-term (>34 weeks) neonates with hypoxic respiratory failure
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Xanthinol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Xanthinol is a very potent water-soluble derivative of niacin that can be found in diet supplements. It is also known as xanthinol nicotinate. [6] Xaninthol is known to be a potent vasodilator that can easily pass through the cell membrane and once inside the cell it causes an increase in glucose metabolism resulting in an increased energy. [7] It was approved as a drug in 1998 in Canada and nowadays its status is cancelled post marketing.
4. Indication:  Xanthinol is primarily used in diet supplements to increase the brain metabolism of glucose and obtain ATP. Xanthinol is also used as an agent to reduced cholesterol as it is a vasodilator.[7] Its action allows having an elevated rate of blood flow in the brain which helps improve memory function, concentration and awareness.[6] Thus, due to his actions, xanthinol is indicated to improve cerebrovascular and peripheral vascular disorders as well as hyperlipidaemias.[8]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pentoxifylline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A methylxanthine derivative that inhibits phosphodiesterase and affects blood rheology. It improves blood flow by increasing erythrocyte and leukocyte flexibility. It also inhibits platelet aggregation. Pentoxifylline modulates immunologic activity by stimulating cytokine production. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with intermittent lameness or immobility arising from chronic occlusive arterial disease of the limbs.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Sitaxentan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Sitaxentan is a medication for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension (PAH). It was marketed as Thelin by Encysive Pharmaceuticals until Pfizer purchased Encysive in February 2008. In 2010, Pfizer voluntarily removed sitaxentan from the market due to concerns about liver toxicity.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pulmonary hypertension, connective tissue diseases, hypertension, and congestive heart failure.
