DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Sirna-027
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sirna-027 is a chemically modified short interfering RNA(siRNA) targeting Vascular Endothelial Growth Factor Receptor-1(VEGFR-1). VEGFR-1 is a key component of the clinically validated vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) pathway. Sirna-027 is developed by Sirna Therapeutics and is under the phase I of clinical trails. It is used to treat Macular degeneration.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Barbexaclone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital. While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties. These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials. Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.
4. Indication:  Created for the treatment for epilepsy, with the intent of creating an antiepileptic with less sedative properties than phenobarbital. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  CYT997
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CYT997 is an orally available vascular argeting and cytotoxic agent that has proven effective in animal models of a wide range of tumour types including breast, prostate and colon, as well as some leukemias.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Pegnivacogin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in thrombosis, coronary artery disease, and vascular diseases.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Inclacumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Inclacumab has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Myocardial Infarction, Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD), and Coronary Heart Disease, Graft Occlusion, Vascular.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  VLTS-589
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VLTS-589 consists of plasmid encoding the angiomatrix protein Del-1 in conjunction with poloxamer 188 for the treatment of peripheral vascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Edifoligide
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiac surgery, peripheral vascular disease, and kidney disease.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Iroxanadine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  BRX-235 (iroxanadine) is a a novel small molecule synthesized by Biorex, Hungary that acts as a cardioprotective agent. It induces phosphorylation of p38 SAPK, which plays an important role in EC homeostasis. endothelial cell (EC). EC function plays a central role in vascular diseases (e.g. atherosclerosis, restenosis, diabetic angiopathies, microvascular angina, peripheral arterial disease). BRX-235 also causes translocation of calcium-dependent protein kinase C isoform to membranes.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in atherosclerosis and vascular diseases as a cardioprotective agent. Its use has also been suggested for the prevention of early restenosis following vascular surgery or balloon angioplasty.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  trans NV-04
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  trans NV-04 is a cardiovascular drug which shows a significant reduction in blood pressure and arterial stiffness.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and hypertension.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Aminopterin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate. 
4. Indication:  Prior to its withdrawal, aminopterin was initially used in the treatment of childhood leukemia; specifically to induce remissions. Later, aminopterin was used off-label in the United States to treat psoriasis, yielding dramatic lesion clearing. Aminopterin was later supplanted by methotrexate for treating cancer because of its better therapeutic index. Aminopterin (as well as methotrexate) has also been explored for use as an abortifacient. However, their association with severe congenital malformations and teratogenic effects have become known as fetal aminopterin syndrome. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pegdinetanib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CT-322 is a proprietary Adnectin(TM) protein therapeutic that, in preclinical studies, specifically binds to vascular endothelial growth factor receptor 2 (VEGFR-2), which regulates the primary tumor angiogenesis pathway. As a result, CT-322 blocks all known ligands for VEGFR-2.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Fibroblast growth factor-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Endothelin-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Endothelin 1 is under investigation in clinical trial NCT00745693 (The Effects of Diesel Exhaust Inhalation on Vascular Function - the Role of Endothelin).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  VEGF-AS
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VEGF-AS (Veglin) is an anti-angiogenesis non-chemotherapy drug (angiogenesis inhibitor) that was developed by VasGene Therapeutics, Inc. for the treatment of a variety of malignancies including mesothelioma. Veglin is one of several newly developed non-chemotherapy drugs being tested for possible utilization in the ongoing struggle to combat malignant mesothelioma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified) and solid tumors.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  IMC-1C11
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  IMC-1C11 is an anti-angiogenesis agent. It is a chimeric anti-kinase insert domain-containing receptor (KDR) antibody that blocks VEGFR-KDR interaction and inhibits VEGFR-induced endothelial cell proliferation. IMC-1C11 is used for treatment of patients with liver metastases from colorectal carcinoma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Vatalanib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vatalanib (PTK787/ZK-222584) is a new oral antiangiogenic molecule that inhibits all known vascular endothelial growth factor receptors. Vatalanib is under investigation for the treatment of solid tumors.
4. Indication:  Used in combination with first- and second-line chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer and non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Letermovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letermovir recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients [6]. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors [3]. Letermovir has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis [6].
4. Indication:  For use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Nicergoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that has been used as a cerebral vasodilator and in peripheral vascular disease. It has been suggested to ameliorate cognitive deficits in cerebrovascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of senile dementia, migraines of vascular origin, transient ischemia, platelet hyper-aggregability, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  DG041
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DG041 is a novel, first-in-class, orally-administered small molecule developmented for the prevention of arterial thrombosis and its complications.DG041, an anti-platelet compound, has shown to be a selective and potent antagonist of the EP3 receptor for prostaglandins E2. EP3 is a target that associates with increased risk of various vascular diseases. It block the formation of blood clots mediated through inflammation in atherosclerotic plaques but without increasing bleeding risk.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Forasartan
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Forasartan, a specific angiotensin II antagonist, is used alone or with other antihypertensive agents to treat hypertension. Forasartan competes with angiotensin II for binding at the AT1 receptor subtype. As angiotensin II is a vasoconstrictor which also stimulates the synthesis and release of aldosterone, blockage of its effects results in a decreases in systemic vascular resistance.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Pegaptanib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pegaptanib is a polynucleotide aptamer. Pegaptanib specifically binds to VEGF 165, a protein that plays a critical role in angiogenesis (the formation of new blood vessels) and increased permeability (leakage from blood vessels), two of the primary pathological processes responsible for the vision loss associated with neovascular AMD. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related macular degeneration.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  LX6171
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LX6171 is an oral drug candidate that was generated by Lexicon medicinal chemists and is being developed to treat disorders characterized by cognitive impairment, such as Alzheimer's disease, schizophrenia or vascular dementia.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dementia, neurologic disorders, and schizophrenia and schizoaffective disorders.
