DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fondaparinux
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Fondaparinux is under investigation for the treatment of Superficial Vein Thrombosis. Fondaparinux has been investigated for the treatment and prevention of Thromboembolism, Pulmonary Embolism, Thrombosis, Venous, Deep Vein Thrombosis, and Fibrillation, Atrial, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Certoparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Certoparin is a low molecular weight heparin, primarily active against factor Xa. Like other low molecular weight heparins, it is used to prevent deep venous thrombosis.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Parnaparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Parnaparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of low molecular weight heparins.
4. Indication:  Used in the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolism (deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism) and in the treatment of myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ethanolamine Oleate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ethanolamine Oleate is a mild sclerosing agent. It is composed of ethanolamine, a basic substance, which when combined with oleic acid forms a clear, straw to pale yellow colored, deliquescent oleate.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with esophageal varices that have recently bled, to prevent rebleeding.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Isoquercetin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Isoquercetin has been used in trials studying the treatment of Kidney Cancer, Renal cell carcinoma, Advanced Renal Cell Carcinoma, Thromboembolism of Vein in Pancreatic Cancer, and Thromboembolism of Vein VTE in Colorectal Cancer, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Reviparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Reviparin is a low molecular weight heparin which seems to have a better safety profile than unfractionated heparin.[1] It is prepared from porcine intestinal mucosa by nitrous acid depolymerization. Reviparin has a molecular weight of 3.9 kDa.[2] It was developed by Abbott laboratories and in 2009, reviparin presented an orphan drug designation by the FDA.[3]
4. Indication:  By the FDA, reviparin is indicated for the treatment of deep vein which may lead to pulmonary embolism in pediatric patients. It is also indicated for the long-term treatment of acute deep vein thrombosis with or without pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients.[3]
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sodium Tetradecyl Sulfate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An anionic surface-active agent used for its wetting properties in industry and used in medicine as an irritant and sclerosing agent for hemorrhoids and varicose veins.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of small uncomplicated varicose veins of the lower extremities that show simple dilation with competent valves.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Barbexaclone
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Barbexaclone, a salt compound of propylhexedrine and phenobarbital, is a potent antiepileptic. By weight, barbexaclone is 40% propylhexedrine and 60% phenobarbital. While barbexaclone has sedative properties, propylhexedrine has psychostimulant properties intended to offset these sedative effects. Pharmacokinetic studies have demonstrated that the pharmacokinetics of phenobarbital given as barbexaclone are not affected by propylhexedrine. Several reports from Spanish and Italian literature suggest that barbexaclone is at least as effective as phenobarbital in adults and children, while being better tolerated and having less sedative properties. These reports were conducted in a small series of patients in the 1970s and 1980s, and have yet to be confirmed by larger controlled trials. Despite the lack of controlled trials, barbexaclone was used widely in Turkey until it was discontinued in 2009. Barbexaclone exists in 25mg and 100mg tablets. 100mg of barbexaclone is equivalent to 60mg of phenobarbital. With this difference in potency in mind, other pharmacokinetic considerations such as dose titration, daily dosing, and optimal plasma concentration can be considered the same as for the equivalent amount of phenobarbital. There has been a case of barbexaclone abuse due to the amphetamine like properties of propylhexedrine, although the comparative abuse potential is much lower than amphetamine.
4. Indication:  Created for the treatment for epilepsy, with the intent of creating an antiepileptic with less sedative properties than phenobarbital. 
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Desirudin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desirudin is a direct inhibitor of human thrombin. It has a protein structure that is similar to that of hirudin, the naturally occurring anticoagulant present in the peripharyngeal glands in the medicinal leech, Hirudo medicinalis. Hirudin is a single polypeptide chain of 65 amino acids residues and contains three disulfide bridges. Desirudin has a chemical formula of C287H440N80O110S6 with a molecular weight of 6963.52.It is mainly indicated for the prevention of deep vein thrombosis in hip replacement surgery patients.Common side effects include: Bleeding gums, collection of blood under the skin, coughing up blood, deep, dark purple bruise and difficulty with breathing or swallowing.
4. Indication:  Indicated as prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis for patients undergoing hip replacement surgery. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Metrizamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizamide is a solute for density gradient centrifugation offering higher maximum solution density without the problems of increased viscosity. It is also used as a resorbable, non-ionic contrast medium.
4. Indication:  Metrizamide is used for lumbar, thoracic, cervical, and total columnar myelography to determine the presence of abnormalities in the spinal column, spinal canal, and central nervous system (CNS) as well as for cisternography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the basal cistern of the brain. For computerized tomography (CT) of the intracranial subarachnoid spaces and for ventriculography by direct injection using standard radiologic techniques to visualize the cerebral ventricles. Also used in pediatric angiocardiography to visualize lesions or malformations of the heart and obstructions or anomalies of the major thoracic vessels. Also used in adult peripheral arteriography to visualize specific regions of the vascular system and blood flow in such areas to help in the diagnosis and evaluation of neoplasms (known or suspected) or vascular diseases (congenital or acquired) that may cause changes in normal vascular anatomy or physiology. Metrizamide is also indicated in adults for intravenous digital arteriography of head and neck.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Enoxaparin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Enoxaparin is a low molecular weight heparin. Enoxaparin is used to prevent and treat deep vein thrombosis or pulmonary embolism, and is given as a subcutaneous injection. Enoxaparin binds to and accelerates the activity of antithrombin III. By activating antithrombin III, enoxaparin preferentially potentiates the inhibition of coagulation factors Xa and IIa. Factor Xa catalyzes the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, so enoxaparin's inhibition of this process results in decreased thrombin and ultimately the prevention of fibrin clot formation. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  For the prophylaxis of deep vein thrombosis, which may lead to pulmonary embolism, and also for the prophylaxis of ischemic complications of unstable angina and non-Q-wave myocardial infarction, when concurrently administered with aspirin.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ardeparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Ardeparin, marketed under the US trade name Normiflo, is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) anticoagulant used for the prevention of postoperative venous thrombosis. Ardeparin is derived via peroxide degradation of heparin extracted from porcine intestinal mucosa. Its molecular weight ranges from 2000 to 15,000 with an average molecular weight of 5500 to 6500. Normiflo was withdrawn from the US market in March 2000.
4. Indication:  For prevention of deep vein thrombosis, which may result in pulmonary embolism, following knee surgery.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  LJP 1082
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LJP 1082 is a Toleragen that is designed to shut down the B cells that produce antibodies to ß2 GP1. LJP 1082 is undergoing trial for for the treatment of stroke, deep-vein thrombosis and other conditions associated with antibody-mediated thrombosis. Antibody-mediated thrombosis, also called antiphospholipid syndrome (APS), is a blood clotting disorder. Patients with high levels of anticardiolipin antibodies (ACA) have an increased risk of stroke, heart attack, deep vein thrombosis, and recurrent fetal loss. The target of the LJP 1082's clot-promoting antibodies is a small region on a key blood protein called beta 2-glycoprotein I. To date, our scientists have shown that approximately 90% of patients studied with antibody-mediated thrombosis have antibodies that bind to this region.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases, strokes, and thrombosis.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  EG004
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EG004 is a novel product consisting of a local delivery device and a gene-based medicine, being developed to prevent the blocking of veins and arteries that frequently occurs after vascular surgery. The initial target market is haemodialysis graft access surgery, a procedure in which patients whose kidneys have failed have a plastic tube grafted between blood vessels generally in their forearm so that their blood can be regularly filtered using a dialysis machine. EG004 has completed a Phase II trial, this being the first part of the Phase II/III study for which it has received approval from the US Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee (RAC).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and kidney disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Nadroparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nadroparin is a low molecular weight heparin (LMWH) which, when bound to antithrombin III (ATIII), accelerates the inactivation of factor II and factor Xa. Nadroparin halts the coagulation pathway by inhibiting the activation of thrombin (factor IIa) by factor Xa. The amplification of the fibrin clotting cascade is stopped once factors Xa and IIa are inactivated. It is derived from porcine sources and has a mean molecular size of 5000 daltons. Low molecular weight heparins are less effective at inactivating factor IIa due to their shorter length compared to unfractionated heparin.
4. Indication:  Nadroparin is used for prophylaxis of thromboembolic disorders and general surgery in orthopedic surgery, treatment of deep vein thrombosis, prevention of clotting during hemodialysis and treatment of unstable angina and non-Q wave myocardial infarction
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Aflibercept
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aflibercept is a recombinant fusion protein that comprises of two main components: the vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) binding portions from the extracellular domains of human VEGF receptors 1 and 2 which is then fused to the Fc portion of human IgG1. Structurally, Aflibercept is a dimeric glycoprotein with a protein molecular weight of 96.9 kilo Daltons (kDa). It contains approximately 15% glycosylation to give a total molecular weight of 115 kDa. All five putative N-glycosylation sites on each polypeptide chain predicted by the primary sequence can be occupied with carbohydrate and exhibit some degree of chain heterogeneity, including heterogeneity in terminal sialic acid residues, except at the single unsialylated site associated with the Fc domain. Aflibercept, as an ophthalmic agent, is used in the treatment of macular edema following Central Retinal Vein Occlusion (CRVO) and neovascular Age-Related Macular Degeneration (AMD). Ziv-aflibercept, under the brand name Zaltrap, was developed as an injection for treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer. FDA approved in November 18, 2011 and EMA approved in November 2012.
4. Indication:  The opthalmic agent is used for the treatment of neovascular (wet) age-related mascular degeneration (AMD) and macular edema following central retinal vein occulsion (CRVO). The systemic injection, known as ziv-aflibercept, in combination with 5-fluorouracil, leucovorin, irinotecan-(FOLFIRI), is for the treatment of metastatic colorectal cancer that is resistant to or progressed following treatment with oxaliplatin. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Letermovir
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Letermovir recieved approval from the FDA on November 8th, 2017 for use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection in allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant patients [6]. It represents the first entry into a new class of CMV anti-infectives, DNA terminase complex inhibitors [3]. Letermovir has recieved both priority and orphan drug status from the FDA. It is currently marketed under the brand name Prevymis [6].
4. Indication:  For use in prophylaxis of cytomegalovirus (CMV) infection and disease in adult CMV-seropositive recipients of an allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplant (HSCT) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Streptokinase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Streptokinase, is a sterile, purified preparation of a bacterial protein elaborated by group C (beta) -hemolytic streptococci.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acute evolving transmural myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism, deep vein thrombosis, arterial thrombosis or emolism and occlusion of arteriovenous cannulae
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Aminopterin
2. Groups:  Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Aminopterin is an amino derivative of folic acid, which was once used as an antineoplastic agent in the treatment of pediatric leukemia. In the 1950's its production was discontinued in favor of methotrexate, which is less potent but less toxic. Off label, aminopterin has also been used in the treatment of psoriasis. Clinicians need to be aware of the characteristic teratologic effects of aminopterin and methotrexate. 
4. Indication:  Prior to its withdrawal, aminopterin was initially used in the treatment of childhood leukemia; specifically to induce remissions. Later, aminopterin was used off-label in the United States to treat psoriasis, yielding dramatic lesion clearing. Aminopterin was later supplanted by methotrexate for treating cancer because of its better therapeutic index. Aminopterin (as well as methotrexate) has also been explored for use as an abortifacient. However, their association with severe congenital malformations and teratogenic effects have become known as fetal aminopterin syndrome. 
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Aminaphthone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Aminaftone has been investigated for the treatment of Cockett Syndrome, May-Thurner Syndrome, and Iliac Vein Obstruction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Bemiparin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Bemiparin is an antithrombotic and belongs to the group of drugs known as the low molecular weight heparins (LMWH). Like semuloparin, bemiparin is classified as an ultra-LMH because of its low mean molecular mass of 3600 daltons, which is a unique property of this class [1]. These heparins have lower anti-thrombin activity than the traditional low molecular weight heparins and act mainly on factor-Xa, reducing the risk of bleeding due to selectivity for this specific clotting factor. Interestingly, current research is underway for the potential benefit of bemiparin in the treatment of tumors and diabetic foot ulcers [12, 1].
4. Indication:  Bemiparin is indicated in the following cases: To prevent blood clots in the veins after general abdominal surgery in patients with a moderate risk of venous thromboembolism; in the prevention of the thromboembolic disease in non-surgical patients; prevention of clotting in the extracorporeal circuit during hemodialysis; to prevent blood clots in the veins after a major orthopedic surgery in patients with high risk of venous thromboembolism; secondary prevention of venous thromboembolism; recurrence in patients with deep vein thrombosis; transient prevention and treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) [8].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Anti-inhibitor coagulant complex, also known as FEIBA (factor eight inhibitor bypassing activity), contains several proteins involved in the prothrombinase complex. It is used to control bleeding in hemophilia A and B patients with inhibitors.
4. Indication:  For use in the control of bleeding episodes, perioperative management, and routine prophylaxis against bleeding episodes in hemophilia A and B patients with inhibitors [FDA Label]. It is not indicated in the absence of factor VIII or IX inhibitors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Edoxaban
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Edoxaban is a member of the Novel Oral Anti-Coagulants (NOACs) class of drugs, and is a rapidly acting, oral, selective factor Xa inhibitor. By inhibiting factor Xa, a key protein in the coagulation cascade, edoxaban prevents the stepwise amplification of protein factors needed to form blood clots. It is indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) and for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) following 5-10 days of initial therapy with a parenteral anticoagulant. Traditionally, warfarin, a vitamin K antagonist, was used for stroke prevention in these individuals but effective use of this drug is limited by it's delayed onset, narrow therapeutic window, need for regular monitoring and INR testing, and numerous drug-drug and drug-food interactions. This has prompted enthusiasm for newer agents such as dabigatran, apixaban, and rivaroxaban for effective clot prevention. In addition to once daily dosing, the benefits over warfarin also include significant reductions in hemorrhagic stroke and GI bleeding, and improved compliance, which is beneficial as many patients will be on lifelong therapy. 
4. Indication:  Edoxaban is indicated to reduce the risk of stroke and systemic embolism (SE) in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF). However, it should not be used in patients with creatinine clearance (CrCL) > 95 mL/min because of increased risk of ischemic stroke compared to warfarin at the highest dose studied (60 mg). It is also indicated for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and pulmonary embolism (PE) following 5-10 days of initial therapy with a parenteral anticoagulant.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Ancrod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ancrod (current brand name: Viprinex) is a defibrinogenating agent derived from the venom of the Malayan pit viper. The defribrinogenation of blood results in an anticoagulant effect. Currently, Viprinex®/ancrod is not approved or marketed in any country, but is being investigated as a stroke treatment in worldwide clinical trials. In January 2005, the U.S. FDA granted a 'fast-track status' for investigation of ancrod use in patients suffering from acute ischemic stroke, a life threatening condition caused by the blockage of blood vessels supplying blood and oxygen to portions of the brain, for which phase III trials are currently being conducted.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of established deep vein thrombosis; central retinal and branch vein thrombosis; priapism; pulmonary hypertension of embolic origin; embolism after insertion of prosthetic cardiac valves; rethrombosis after thrombolytic therapy and rethrombosis after vascular surgery. It is also indicated for the prevention of deep venous thrombosis after repair of the fractured neck of a femur.
