DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Lenvatinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lenvatinib is a receptor tyrosine kinase (RTK) inhibitor that inhibits the kinase activities of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) receptors VEGFR1 (FLT1), VEGFR2 (KDR), and VEGFR3 (FLT4). Lenvatinib also inhibits other RTKs that have been implicated in pathogenic angiogenesis, tumor growth, and cancer progression in addition to their normal cellular functions, including fibroblast growth factor (FGF) receptors FGFR1, 2, 3, and 4; the platelet derived growth factor receptor alpha (PDGFRα), KIT, and RET. These receptor tyrosine kinases (RTKs) located in the cell membrane play a central role in the activation of signal transduction pathways involved in the normal regulation of cellular processes, such as cell proliferation, migration, apoptosis and differentiation, and in pathogenic angiogenesis, lymphogenesis, tumour growth and cancer progression. In particular, VEGF has been identified as a crucial regulator of both physiologic and pathologic angiogenesis and increased expression of VEGF is associated with a poor prognosis in many types of cancers.Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer. Most patients with thyroid cancer have a very good prognosis with treatment (98% 5 year survival rate) involving surgery and hormone therapy. However, for patients with RAI-refractory thyroid cancer, treatment options are limited and the prognosis is poor, leading to a push for the development of more targeted therapies such as lenvatinib.
4. Indication:  Lenvatinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with locally recurrent or metastatic, progressive, radioactive iodine-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ajmaline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An alkaloid found in the root of Rauwolfia serpentina, among other plant sources. It is a class Ia antiarrhythmic agent that apparently acts by changing the shape and threshold of cardiac action potentials. Ajmaline produces potent sodium channel blocking effects and a very short half-life which makes it a very useful drug for acute intravenous treatments. The drug has been very popular in some countries for the treatment of atrial fibrillation in patients with the Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome and in well tolerated monomorphic ventricular tachycardias. It has also been used for many years as a drug to challenge the conduction system of the heart in cases of bundle branch block and syncope. In these cases, abnormal prolongation of the HV interval has been taken as a proof for infrahisian conduction defects tributary for permanent pacemaker implantation.
4. Indication:  For use as an antiarrhythmic agent.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Metrizoic acid
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Metrizoic acid is a molecule used as a contrast medium. Owing to its high osmolality, metrizoic acid has a risk of inducing allergic reactions compared to lower osmolar contrast media. Its approval has been discontinued by the FDA. One study in 1976 demonstrated that metrizoic acid, when used for cardiac angiography, was well tolerated. A total of 10, 000 injections were administered to 2,028 patients undergoing angiocardiographic procedures over a three-year period. With two exceptions, all complications occurred during injection of the right coronary artery. Seven cases of ventricular fibrillation, and 5 of significant bradycardia/asystole, were associated with metrizoic acid injection. In general, the drug was well tolerated by patients during cardiac examinations [A32901].
4. Indication:  For use as a contrast medium [2].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Trastuzumab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A recombinant IgG1 kappa, humanized monoclonal antibody that selectively binds with high affinity in a cell-based assay (Kd = 5 nM) to the extracellular domain of the human epidermal growth factor receptor protein. Produced in CHO cell culture.In December 2017, FDA approved Ogivri (trastuzumab-dkst) as a biosimilar to Herceptin (trastuzumab) for the treatment of patients with breast or metastatic stomach cancer (gastric or gastroesophageal junction adenocarcinoma) whose tumors overexpress the HER2 gene (HER2+). It displays biosimilar properties as Herceptin according to clinical data. While Ogivri is the first biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of breast cancer or stomach cancer, it is the second biosimilar approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cancer.
4. Indication:  For treatment of early stage HER2-positive breast cancer, or metastatic breast cancer that substantially overexpress HER2.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Avanafil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Avanafil is a new phosphodiesterase-5 inhibitor that is faster acting and more selective than other drugs belonging to the same class. Chemically, it is a derivative of pyrimidine and is only available as the S-enantiomer. FDA approved on April 27, 2012. 
4. Indication:  Treatment of erectile dysfunction in males. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trandolapril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trandolapril is a non-sulhydryl prodrug that belongs to the angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor class of medications. It is metabolized to its biologically active diacid form, trandolaprilat, in the liver. Trandolaprilat inhibits ACE, the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Trandolapril may be used to treat mild to moderate hypertension, to improve survival following myocardial infarction in clinically stable patients with left ventricular dysfunction, as an adjunct treatment for congestive heart failure, and to slow the rate of progression of renal disease in hypertensive individuals with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mild to moderate hypertension, as an adjunct in the treatment of congestive heart failure (CHF), to improve survival following myocardial infarction (MI) in individuals who are hemodynamically stable and demonstrate symptoms of left ventricular systolic dysfunction or signs of CHF within a few days following acute MI, and to slow progression of renal disease in hypertensive patients with diabetes mellitus and microalbuminuria or overt nephropathy. 
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Eplerenone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eplerenone, an aldosterone receptor antagonist similar to spironolactone, has been shown to produce sustained increases in plasma renin and serum aldosterone, consistent with inhibition of the negative regulatory feedback of aldosterone on renin secretion. The resulting increased plasma renin activity and aldosterone circulating levels do not overcome the effects of eplerenone. Eplerenone selectively binds to recombinant human mineralocorticoid receptors relative to its binding to recombinant human glucocorticoid, progesterone and androgen receptors.
4. Indication:  For improvement of survival of stable patients with left ventricular systolic dysfunction (ejection fraction <40%) and clinical evidence of congestive heart failure after an acute myocardial infarction.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Candesartan cilexetil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Candesartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. It is administered orally as the prodrug, candesartan cilexetil, which is rapidly converted to its active metabolite, candesartan, during absorption in the gastrointestinal tract. Candesartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Candesartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Candesartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Phentolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nonselective alpha-adrenergic antagonist. It is used in the treatment of hypertension and hypertensive emergencies, pheochromocytoma, vasospasm of raynaud disease and frostbite, clonidine withdrawal syndrome, impotence, and peripheral vascular disease. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used as an aid for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, and may be administered immediately prior to or during pheochromocytomectomy to prevent or control paroxysmal hypertension resulting from anesthesia, stress, or operative manipulation of the tumor. Phentolamine has also been used to treat hypertensive crisis caused by sympathomimetic amines or catecholamine excess by certain foods or drugs in patients taking MAO inhibitors, or by clonidine withdrawal syndrome. Other indications include the prevention of dermal necrosis and sloughing following IV administration or extravasation of norepinephrine, decrease in impedance to left ventricular ejection and the infarct size in patients with MI associated with left ventricular failure, treatment of erectile dysfunction through self-injection of small doses combined with papaverine hydrochloride into the corpus cavernosum, and as an adjunct to the management of cocaine overdose to reverse coronary vasoconstriction following use of oxygen, benzodiazepines,and nitroglycerin. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Treprostinil
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Treprostinil is a synthetic analogue of prostacyclin, used to treat pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For use as a continuous subcutaneous infusion or intravenous infusion (for those not able to tolerate a subcutaneous infusion) for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension in patients with NYHA Class II-IV symptoms to diminish symptoms associated with exercise.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Epoprostenol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A prostaglandin that is a powerful vasodilator and inhibits platelet aggregation. It is biosynthesized enzymatically from prostaglandin endoperoxides in human vascular tissue. The sodium salt has been also used to treat primary pulmonary hypertension.
4. Indication:  For the long-term intravenous treatment of primary pulmonary hypertension and pulmonary hypertension associated with the scleroderma spectrum of disease in NYHA Class III and Class IV patients who do not respond adequately to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Bretylium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bretylium blocks the release of noradrenaline from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. The primary mode of action for bretylium is thought to be inhibition of voltage-gated K(+) channels. Recent evidence has shown that bretylium may also inhibit the Na,K-ATPase by binding to the extracellular K-site.
4. Indication:  For use in the prophylaxis and therapy of ventricular fibrillation. Also used in the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, such as ventricular tachycardia, that have failed to respond to adequate doses of a first-line antiarrhythmic agent, such as lidocaine.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Losartan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Losartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used alone or with other agents to treat hypertension. Losartan and its longer acting metabolite, E-3174, lower blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); they compete with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Losartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction, coronary artery disease, and heart failure. 
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Citalopram
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Citalopram belongs to a class of antidepressant agents known as selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). In spite of structural differences between compounds in this class, the SSRIs possess similar pharmacological activity. As with other antidepressant agents, several weeks of therapy may be indicated before a clinical effect is noticed. SSRIs are potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake in the neurons. They have little to no effect on norepinephrine or dopamine reuptake and do not antagonize α- or β-adrenergic, dopamine D2 or histamine H1 receptors. During acute usage, SSRIs inhibit serotonin reuptake and increase serotonin stimulation of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. Chronic use leads to desensitization of somatodendritic 5-HT1A and terminal autoreceptors. The general clinical effect of increased mood and decreased anxiety is thought to be due to adaptive changes in neuronal function that leads to enhanced serotonergic neurotransmission. Side effects include dry mouth, nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, sexual dysfunction, and headache. Side effects generally occur within the first two weeks of therapy and are usually less severe and frequent than those observed with tricyclic antidepressants. Citalopram is approved for treatment of depression. Unlabeled indications include mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [5].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. Off-label indications include: treatment of mild dementia-associated agitation in nonpsychotic patients, smoking cessation, ethanol abuse, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in children, and diabetic neuropathy [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Captopril
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Captopril is a potent, competitive inhibitor of angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE), the enzyme responsible for the conversion of angiotensin I (ATI) to angiotensin II (ATII). ATII regulates blood pressure and is a key component of the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS). Captopril may be used in the treatment of hypertension. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of essential or renovascular hypertension (usually administered with other drugs, particularly thiazide diuretics). May be used to treat congestive heart failure in combination with other drugs (e.g. cardiac glycosides, diuretics, β-adrenergic blockers). May improve survival in patients with left ventricular dysfunction following myocardial infarction. May be used to treat nephropathy, including diabetic nephropathy. 
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  QR-334
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  QR-334 is under investigation for the treatment of sialorrhea. Sialorrhea is an excess secretion of saliva produced by the salivary glands, resulting in drooling. No pharmaceutical interventions currently exist to treat sialorrhea. The symptom is associated with many diseases including Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s Disease, Cerebral Palsy, Parkinson's Disease, and Muscular Dystrophy.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in saliva and salivary gland dysfunction (sialorrhea).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Amiodarone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antianginal and antiarrhythmic drug. It increases the duration of ventricular and atrial muscle action by inhibiting Na,K-activated myocardial adenosine triphosphatase. There is a resulting decrease in heart rate and in vascular resistance. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Intravenously, for initiation of treatment and prophylaxis of frequently recurring ventricular fibrillation and hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia in patients refractory to other therapy. Orally, for the treatment of life-threatening recurrent ventricular arrhythmias such as recurrent ventricular fibrillation and recurrent hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Valsartan
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Valsartan is an angiotensin-receptor blocker (ARB) that may be used to treat a variety of cardiac conditions including hypertension, diabetic nephropathy and heart failure. Valsartan lowers blood pressure by antagonizing the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS); it competes with angiotensin II for binding to the type-1 angiotensin II receptor (AT1) subtype and prevents the blood pressure increasing effects of angiotensin II. Unlike angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, ARBs do not have the adverse effect of dry cough. Valsartan may be used to treat hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension, left ventricular hypertrophy and diabetic nephropathy. It may also be used as an alternative agent for the treatment of heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  May be used as a first line agent to treat uncomplicated hypertension, isolated systolic hypertension and left ventricular hypertrophy. May be used as a first line agent to delay progression of diabetic nephropathy. Losartan may be also used as a second line agent in the treatment of congestive heart failure, systolic dysfunction, myocardial infarction and coronary artery disease in those intolerant of ACE inhibitors.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetrofosmin was developed to overcome the non-target uptake of radioligands by the generation of hetero-atomic compounds. It presents a molecular formula of 1,2-bis(bis(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino)ethane. Tetrofosmin is part of the group of diphosphines. The sell of tetrofosmin in a freeze-dried kit is FDA approved and it is always accompanied by technetium Tc-99m as a radiopharmaceutical.[1]
4. Indication:  Tetrofosmin is indicated to be used as a complex with technetium Tc-99m for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium following separate administrations under exercise and/or resting conditions. It helps in the delineation of regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in absence of infarcted myocardium.[4]This complex is also used for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium to identify changes in perfusion induced by pharmacologic stress in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease.[4]This complex is indicated for the assessment of left ventricular function in patients evaluated for heart disease.[4]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Sotalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm [delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter (AFIB/AFL)] in patients with symptomatic AFIB/AFL who are currently in sinus rhythm. Also for the treatment of documented life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  PAC-113
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PAC-113 an anti-fungal, for the treatment of oral candidiasis infections. It is a 12 amino-acid antimicrobial peptide derived from a naturally occurring histatin protein found in saliva. In vitro studies demonstrate that it has potent anti-fungal activity against the Candida albicans, including drug-resistant HIV patient isolates. PAC-113 is targeting oral Candida infections in immunocompromised patients and patients with salivary dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in candidiasis, fungal infections, and saliva and salivary gland dysfunction.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Mirodenafil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mirodenafil has been used in trials studying the treatment and supportive care of Kidney Diseases, Urologic Diseases, Renal Insufficiency, Erectile Dysfunction, and Male Erectile Dysfunction.
4. Indication:  Not Available
