DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Omapatrilat
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Omapatrilat is an investigational drug that inhibits both neutral endopeptidase (NEP) and angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE). NEP inhibition results in elevated natriuretic peptide levels, promoting natriuresis, diuresis, vasodilation, and reductions in preload and ventricular remodeling. This drug from BMS was not approved by the FDA due to angioedema safety concerns.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypertension.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bretylium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bretylium blocks the release of noradrenaline from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. The primary mode of action for bretylium is thought to be inhibition of voltage-gated K(+) channels. Recent evidence has shown that bretylium may also inhibit the Na,K-ATPase by binding to the extracellular K-site.
4. Indication:  For use in the prophylaxis and therapy of ventricular fibrillation. Also used in the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, such as ventricular tachycardia, that have failed to respond to adequate doses of a first-line antiarrhythmic agent, such as lidocaine.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Desmoteplase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Desmoteplase is a chemical in the saliva of vampire bats. It activates plasminogen to the serine protease, plasmin. Plasmin acts by breaking down fibrin blood clots. When a vampire bat bites its victim, it secretes an enzyme that prevents the blood from clotting. The enzyme is called DSPA (Desmodus rotundus salivary plasminogen activator) and scientists are using DSPA as stroke and heart attack medication. Desmoteplase is a recombinant form of vampire bat DSPA (Salivary plasminogen activator alpha 1).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cerebral ischemia and strokes.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Prezatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Prezatide is a tripeptide consisting of glycine, histidine, and lysine which readily forms a complex with copper ions [6]. Prezatide is used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair. It is known to aid wound healing and its potential applications in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and metastatic colon cancer are currently being investigated.
4. Indication:  Commonly used in cosmetic products for the skin and hair [6].
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetrofosmin was developed to overcome the non-target uptake of radioligands by the generation of hetero-atomic compounds. It presents a molecular formula of 1,2-bis(bis(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino)ethane. Tetrofosmin is part of the group of diphosphines. The sell of tetrofosmin in a freeze-dried kit is FDA approved and it is always accompanied by technetium Tc-99m as a radiopharmaceutical.[1]
4. Indication:  Tetrofosmin is indicated to be used as a complex with technetium Tc-99m for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium following separate administrations under exercise and/or resting conditions. It helps in the delineation of regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in absence of infarcted myocardium.[4]This complex is also used for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium to identify changes in perfusion induced by pharmacologic stress in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease.[4]This complex is indicated for the assessment of left ventricular function in patients evaluated for heart disease.[4]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Amiodarone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antianginal and antiarrhythmic drug. It increases the duration of ventricular and atrial muscle action by inhibiting Na,K-activated myocardial adenosine triphosphatase. There is a resulting decrease in heart rate and in vascular resistance. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Intravenously, for initiation of treatment and prophylaxis of frequently recurring ventricular fibrillation and hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia in patients refractory to other therapy. Orally, for the treatment of life-threatening recurrent ventricular arrhythmias such as recurrent ventricular fibrillation and recurrent hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Tocainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmic agent which exerts a potential- and frequency-dependent block of sodium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, that, in the judgment of the physician, are life-threatening.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Procainamide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A derivative of procaine with less CNS action. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Sotalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm [delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter (AFIB/AFL)] in patients with symptomatic AFIB/AFL who are currently in sinus rhythm. Also for the treatment of documented life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Eleclazine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Eleclazine has been used in trials studying the treatment of LQT2 Syndrome, Long QT Syndrome, Ischemic Heart Disease, Ventricular Arrhythmia, and Long QT Syndrome Type 3, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Indecainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indecainide is a rarely used antidysrhythmic. Indecainide has local anesthetic activity and belongs to the membrane stabilizing (Class 1) group of antiarrhythmic agents; it has electrophysiologic effects characteristic of the IC class of antiarrhythmics.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of life-threatening dysrhythmias and sustained ventricular tachycardia.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Salmon Calcitonin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic peptide, 32 residues long formulated as a nasal spray.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of symptomatic Paget's disease for patients unresponsive to alternate treatments or intolerant to such treatments. In addition, it is used in emergency situations when serum calcium levels must be decreased quickly until the underlying condition is identified. It can also be added to existing therapeutic regimens for hypercalcemia such as intravenous fluids and furosemide, oral phosphate or corticosteroids, or other agents. Calcitonin can be used in patients with azotemia and cases where intravenous fluids would be contraindicated due to limited cardiac reserves. Also for the treatment of post-menopausal osteoporosis in women more than 5 years post-menopause. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Deslanoside
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Deacetyllanatoside C. A cardiotonic glycoside from the leaves of Digitalis lanata. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of Congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Gallium nitrate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gallium nitrate is a drug that is used to treat hyper-calcemia, or too much calcium in the blood. This condition may occur when individuals develop various types of cancer. Gallium nitrate is also known by the common brand name Ganite.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypercalcemia. Also intended for the treatment of non-hodgkin's lymphoma.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Flecainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A potent anti-arrhythmia agent, effective in a wide range of ventricular and atrial arrhythmias and tachycardias. Paradoxically, however, in myocardial infarct patients with either symptomatic or asymptomatic arrhythmia, flecainide exacerbates the arrhythmia and is not recommended for use in these patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Flecainide is is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent and as such, it is used for the prevention of paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardias (PSVT), including atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia, atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia and other supraventricular tachycardias of unspecified mechanism associated with disablin.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Vernakalant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vernakalant was developed by Cardiome Pharma as as an antiarrhythmic drug intended for rapid conversion of atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm. It acts as an atypical class III antiarrhythmic drug that potentiates its effect in higher heart rates. Intravenous formulation was approved in Europe in September 2010 as Brinavess and in Canada in April 2017. It is an investigational drug under regulatory review by FDA.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the rapid conversion of recent onset of atrial fibrillation to sinus rhythm in adults for non-surgery patients that lasts for less than 7 days of duration and post-cardiac surgery patients with atrial fibrillation lasting less than 3 days of duration.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Denosumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Denosumab is a novel, fully human IgG2 monoclonal antibody specific to receptor activator of nuclear factor kappa-B ligand (RANKL), suppresses bone resorption markers in patients with a variety of metastatic tumors and is being investigated in multiple clinical trials for the prevention and treatment of bone metastases. Chemically, it consists of 2 heavy and 2 light chains. Each light chain consists of 215 amino acids. Each heavy chain consists of 448 amino acids with 4 intramolecular disulfides. FDA approved on June 1, 2010. 
4. Indication:  Prolia is indicated for the treatment of postmenopausal women with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture. It reduces the incidence of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures. Prolia is also indicated as a treatment to increase bone mass in women at high risk for fracture receiving adjuvant aromatase inhibitor therapy for breast cancer. It can also be used in men with osteoporosis at high risk for fracture or in men receiving androgen deprivation therapy for nonmetastatic prostate cancer to increase bone mass. Xgeva is indicated for the prevention of skeletal-related events in patients with bone metastases from solid tumors.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Digoxin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A cardiotonic glycoside obtained mainly from Digitalis lanata; it consists of three sugars and the aglycone digoxigenin. Digoxin has positive inotropic and negative chronotropic activity. It is used to control ventricular rate in atrial fibrillation and in the management of congestive heart failure with atrial fibrillation. Its use in congestive heart failure and sinus rhythm is less certain. The margin between toxic and therapeutic doses is small. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p666)
4. Indication:  For the treatment and management of congestive cardiac insufficiency, arrhythmias and heart failure.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Moricizine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmia agent used primarily for ventricular rhythm disturbances. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to treat irregular heartbeats (arrhythmias) and maintain a normal heart rate.
