DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Sotalol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An adrenergic beta-antagonist that is used in the treatment of life-threatening arrhythmias. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the maintenance of normal sinus rhythm [delay in time to recurrence of atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter (AFIB/AFL)] in patients with symptomatic AFIB/AFL who are currently in sinus rhythm. Also for the treatment of documented life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Mexiletine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antiarrhythmic agent pharmacologically similar to lidocaine. It may have some anticonvulsant properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of ventricular tachycardia and symptomatic premature ventricular beats, and prevention of ventricular fibrillation.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Acebutolol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A cardioselective beta-adrenergic antagonist with little effect on the bronchial receptors. The drug has stabilizing and quinidine-like effects on cardiac rhythm as well as weak inherent sympathomimetic action.
4. Indication:  For the management of hypertension and ventricular premature beats in adults.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Bretylium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bretylium blocks the release of noradrenaline from the peripheral sympathetic nervous system, and is used in emergency medicine, cardiology, and other specialties for the acute management of ventricular tachycardia and ventricular fibrillation. The primary mode of action for bretylium is thought to be inhibition of voltage-gated K(+) channels. Recent evidence has shown that bretylium may also inhibit the Na,K-ATPase by binding to the extracellular K-site.
4. Indication:  For use in the prophylaxis and therapy of ventricular fibrillation. Also used in the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias, such as ventricular tachycardia, that have failed to respond to adequate doses of a first-line antiarrhythmic agent, such as lidocaine.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pumactant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Pumactant is a synthetic surfactant used for treating respiratory distress syndrome in neonates. It is a unique formulation of the naturally occurring phospholipids Dipalmitoylphosphatidycholine (DPPC) and Phosphatidyl Glycerol (PG).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma, lung injury, and surgical adhesions.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Beractant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Beractant is a pulmonary surfactant used for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants. Considered a natural source of surfactant as it is made from bovine lung extract, beractant contains a mixture of phospholipids, neutral lipids, fatty acids, and surfactant-associated proteins such as SP-B and SP-C. The final composition provides 25 mg/mL phospholipids (including 11.0-15.5 mg/mL disaturated phosphatidylcholine), 0.5-1.75 mg/mL triglycerides, 1.4-3.5 mg/mL free fatty acids, and less than 1.0 mg/mL protein. It is suspended in 0.9% sodium chloride solution, and heat-sterilized. In anticipation of birth, endogenous lung surfactant is produced to lower the surface tension on alveolar surfaces and to stabilize the alveoli against collapse at resting transpulmonary pressures. However, in Respiratory Distress Syndrome, developmental deficiency of surfactant results collapse of the alveoli causing fast breathing, increased heart rate, apoxia, and sometimes death. Administration of lung surfactant remains the cornerstone of therapy in this condition that is currently the leading cause of death in preterm infants. In comparison to synthetic forms of surfacant, natural forms such as Beractant have been found to have a reduced incidence of pneumothorax and reduced mortality.
4. Indication:  Beractant is indicated for prevention and treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Retosiban
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Retosiban has been used in trials studying the treatment of Premature Labor and Obstetric Labour, Premature.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  MBT-0312
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  MediGene's newly acquired drug candidates MBT-0312 aim at a novel method of cancer therapy by "starving out" tumors. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in solid tumors.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Dapoxetine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Dapoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, for the treatment of premature ejaculation. In a phase II proof-of-concept study conducted by PPD, dapoxetine demonstrated a statistically significant increase in ejaculatory latency when compared to placebo. Alza submitted a NDA to the FDA for dapoxetine for the treatment of premature ejaculation in December 2004. In October 2005, the company received a FDA Non-Approvable letter from the FDA, at which time they planned to work with regulators to address outstanding questions.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  AG-858
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AG-858 (autologous heat-shock protein 70 peptide vaccine) isa recombinant cancer vaccine made with tumor-derived heat shock protein 70 (HSP70) peptide complexes. HSP70 associates with antigenic peptides, transporting them into antigen presenting cells (APC) for processing. Tumor-derived HSP70-peptide complexes used in vaccine preparations have been shown to prime tumor immunity and tumor-specific T cells in animal models.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in leukemia (myeloid).
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Pramlintide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pramlintide is a relatively new adjunct treatment for diabetes (both type 1 and 2), developed by Amylin Pharmaceuticals. It is derived from amylin, a hormone that is released into the bloodstream, in a similar pattern as insulin, after a meal. Like insulin, amylin is deficient in individuals with diabetes.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus as an adjunct to preprandial insulin therapy in patients without adequate glycemic control of insulin therapy.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Poractant alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Poractant alfa is a pulmonary surfactant marketed as Curosurf in the United States and Canada. It is used to treat Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants with an endogenous pulmonary surfactant deficiency. Poractant alfa is an extract of natural porcine lung surfactant consisting of 99% polar lipids (mainly phospholipids) and 1% hydrophobic low molecular weight proteins (surfactant associated proteins SP-B and SP-C). The phospholipid content of the extract consists primarily of phosphatidylcholine and dipaImitoylphosphatidylcholine. Poractant alfa is a creamy white suspension of this extract in 0.9% sodium chloride solution. It contains no preservatives.
4. Indication:  Poractant alfa is indicated for the treatment of Respiratory Distress Syndrome (RDS) in premature infants.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ritodrine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Adrenergic beta-agonist used to control premature labor. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment and prophylaxis of premature labour
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  13-deoxydoxorubicin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  GPX-100 is an anthracycline anticancer drug that belongs to the family of drugs called antitumor antibiotics.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in breast cancer and cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Siltuximab
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Siltuximab is a chimeric (human-mouse) monoclonal immunoglobulin G1-kappa antibody produced in a Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cell line by recombinant DNA technology. Siltuximab prevents the binding of IL-6 to soluble and membrane-bound IL-6 receptors by forming high affinity complexes with human interleukin-6 (IL-6). Its use is indicated for the treatment of adult patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. MCD is a rare blood disorder caused by dysregulated IL-6 production, proliferation of lymphocytes, and subsequent enlargement of the lymph nodes. It is administered as a 1 hour intravenous infusion every 3 weeks.
4. Indication:  Siltuximab is indicated for the treatment of patients with multicentric Castleman's disease (MCD) who are human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) negative and human herpesvirus-8 (HHV-8) negative. Siltuximab did not bind to virally produced IL-6 in a nonclinical study and was therefore not studied in patients with MCD who are HIV or HHV-8 positive.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Disopyramide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A class I anti-arrhythmic agent (one that interferes directly with the depolarization of the cardiac membrane and thus serves as a membrane-stabilizing agent) with a depressant action on the heart similar to that of guanidine. It also possesses some anticholinergic and local anesthetic properties.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, ventricular pre-excitation and cardiac dysrhythmias. It is a Class Ia antiarrhythmic drug.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Tetrofosmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tetrofosmin was developed to overcome the non-target uptake of radioligands by the generation of hetero-atomic compounds. It presents a molecular formula of 1,2-bis(bis(2-ethoxyethyl)phosphino)ethane. Tetrofosmin is part of the group of diphosphines. The sell of tetrofosmin in a freeze-dried kit is FDA approved and it is always accompanied by technetium Tc-99m as a radiopharmaceutical.[1]
4. Indication:  Tetrofosmin is indicated to be used as a complex with technetium Tc-99m for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium following separate administrations under exercise and/or resting conditions. It helps in the delineation of regions of reversible myocardial ischemia in absence of infarcted myocardium.[4]This complex is also used for scintigraphic imaging of the myocardium to identify changes in perfusion induced by pharmacologic stress in patients with known or suspected coronary artery disease.[4]This complex is indicated for the assessment of left ventricular function in patients evaluated for heart disease.[4]
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dextran 75
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dextran 75 is a complex branched glucan with an average molecular weight 75000 Daltons. It is produced from certain bacteria that with α-1,6 glycosidic linkages between glucose molecules and α-1,3 linkages between branches. Dextrans are used therapeutically as plasma volume expanders in hypovolemia and antithrombin agents to reduce blood viscosity. When labelled with technetium Tc99m, dextran 75 is intravenously administered as an imaging agent to detect and diagnose conditions in the vascular compartment such as pericardial effusion or ventricular aneurysm.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Calfactant
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calfactant is a sterile, non-pyrogenic lung surfactant intended for intratracheal instillation. It is an off-white suspension of an extract of natural surfactant from calf lungs suspended in 0.9% saline. Each milliliter of calfactant contains 35mg of phospholipids (including 26 mg phosphatidylcholine of which 16 mg is disaturated phosphatidylcholine) and 0.65mg of proteins including surfactant-associated proteins B and C.Calfactant is approved for use in the United States of America. It is used to prevent or treat respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants with lung surfactant deficiency. Calfactant has been shown to decrease the incidence of respiratory distress syndrome, mortality due to respiratory distress syndrome, and air leaks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in clinical trials. It adsorbs to the air:fluid interface in the lungs and works to reduce surface tension, in a manner similar to endogenous pulmonary surfactant.
4. Indication:  Calfactant is indicated for prophylaxis therapy to prevent respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) in premature infants <29 weeks of gestational age with low lung surfactant and at high risk for RDS. Calfactant therapy is also indicated for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in infants 72 hours or less of age with RDS confirmed by clinical and radiologic findings and requiring endotracheal intubation.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Onercept
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in psoriasis and psoriatic disorders and crohn's disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Tocainide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An antiarrhythmic agent which exerts a potential- and frequency-dependent block of sodium channels. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of documented ventricular arrhythmias, such as sustained ventricular tachycardia, that, in the judgment of the physician, are life-threatening.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Encainide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  All drug products containing encainide hydrochloride. Encainide hydrochloride, formerly marketed as Enkaid capsules, was associated with increased death rates in patients who had asymptomatic heart rhythm abnormalities after a recent heart attack. The manufacturer of Enkaid capsules voluntarily withdrew the product from the US market on December 16, 1991.
4. Indication:  Encainide is a class Ic antiarrhythmic agent which was used for management of irregular heartbeats, such as atrial fibrillation, atrial flutter, ventricular tachycardia, and ventricular fibrillation. 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Sulfur hexafluoride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Sulfur hexafluoride is an ultrasound contrast agent indicated for use•in echocardiography to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricular endocardial border in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms•in ultrasonography of the liver for characterization of focal liver lesions in adult and pediatric patients
4. Indication:  Echocardiography: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use in adult patients with suboptimal echocardiograms to opacify the left ventricular chamber and to improve the delineation of the left ventricularendocardial border.Ultrasonography of the Liver: Sulfur hexafluoride is indicated for use with ultrasound of the liver in adult and pediatric patients to characterize focal liver lesions.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Amiodarone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  An antianginal and antiarrhythmic drug. It increases the duration of ventricular and atrial muscle action by inhibiting Na,K-activated myocardial adenosine triphosphatase. There is a resulting decrease in heart rate and in vascular resistance. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Intravenously, for initiation of treatment and prophylaxis of frequently recurring ventricular fibrillation and hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia in patients refractory to other therapy. Orally, for the treatment of life-threatening recurrent ventricular arrhythmias such as recurrent ventricular fibrillation and recurrent hemodynamically unstable ventricular tachycardia.
