DrugId:  1
1. Name:  P-nitrobiphenyl
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pnb has been used in trials studying the treatment of Pelvic Organ Prolapse.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  ADL 10-0101
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADL 10-0101 is a peripheral kappa opioid agonist analgesic product candidate. Preclinical trials of ADL 10-0101 have suggested that the compound may be effective for the treatment of inflammatory pain, itch and visceral pain. Because ADL 10-0101 does not cross the blood-brain barrier and enter the brain when administered at therapeutic doses, it is expected to avoid central nervous system side effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic) and rheumatoid arthritis. Trials are also being conducted for relieving burn pain and dermal itch.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Oxyphenonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A quaternary ammonium anticholinergic agent with peripheral side effects similar to those of atropine. It is used as an adjunct in the treatment of gastric and duodenal ulcer, and to relieve visceral spasms. The drug has also been used in the form of eye drops for mydriatic effect. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of visceral spasms
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Alosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Alosetron is a 5-HT3 antagonist used only for the management of severe diarrhoea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women. Alosetron has an antagonist action on the 5-HT3 receptors and thus may modulate serotonin-sensitive gastrointestinal (GI) processes. Alosetron was voluntarily withdrawn from the US market in November 2000 by the manufacturer due to numerous reports of severe adverse effects including ischemic colitis, severely obstructed or ruptured bowel, and death. In June 2002, the FDA approved a supplemental new drug application allowing the remarketing of the drug under restricted conditions of use.
4. Indication:  Only for the treatment of symptoms of severe diarrhea-predominant irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) in women with chronic symptoms (generally lasting greater than 6 months) who does not present with anatomic or biochemical GI abnormalities and have not responded to conventional therapy.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Osanetant
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Developed by Sanofi-Aventis (formerly Sanofi-Synthelabo), osanetant (SR-142801) is an NK3 receptor antagonist which was under development for the treatment of schizophrenia and other Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders. In a review of its R&D portfolio, the company announced in August 2005 that it would cease any further development of osanetant. This follows an earlier decision to discontinue development of eplivanserin for schizophrenia.
4. Indication:  Potential therapy for schizophrenia, depression and visceral pain.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Asimadoline
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Asimadoline is a proprietary small molecule therapeutic, originally discovered by Merck KGaA of Darmstadt, Germany. Asimadoline was originally developed to treat peripheral pain such as arthritis. Asimadoline is an orally administered agent that acts as a kappa opioid receptor agonist. It has shown encouraging clinical efficacy for the treatment of IBS in a barostat study in IBS patients and has the potential for treating other gastrointestinal diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Sitamaquine
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Sitamaquine (WR-6026) is an orally active 8-aminoquinoline analog in development by the Walter Reed Army Institute, in collaboration with GlaxoSmithKline (formerly SmithKline Beecham), for the potential treatment of visceral leishmaniasis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  AV608
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AV608 is a NK-1 antagonist. It is developed for the treatment of Social anxiety disorder (SAD), irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) and overactive bladder (OAB).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in anxiety disorders, irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), and urinary incontinence.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Radium Ra 223 Dichloride is a radiopharmaceutical containing the radioisotope radium-223 that emits short range but high linear energy alpha particles. As a cation, radium mimics calicum and binds to hydroxyapatite, which is a bone mineral found in areas of high bone turnover as seen in bone metastases. It was first approved by the FDA in May 2013 and is currently marketed under the brand name Xofigo, which was formerly called Alpharadin. Xofigo is indicated in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant. The FDA label includes a warning that Radium Ra 223 Dichloride should not be used in women who are pregnant or may become pregnant due to the high risk of fetal harm.
4. Indication:  Used in patients who have metastatic bone cancer that is symptomatic with no visceral metastases and patients who have prostate cancer that is castration resistant.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Miltefosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Miltefosine is a broad spectrum antimicrobial, anti-leishmanial, phospholipid drug that was originally developed in the 1980s as an anti-cancer agent. It is currently the only recognized oral agent used to treat visceral, cutaneous, and mucosal forms of leishmaniasis, a neglected tropical disease. It can be administered topically or orally and is only indicated in patients aged 12 years or older. The CDC has also recommended it as a first line treatment for free-living amebae (FLA) infections such as primary amebic meningoencephalitis and granulomatous amebic encephalitis.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of mucosal (caused by Leishmania braziliensis), cutaneous (caused by L. braziliensis, L. guyanensis, and L. panamensis), and visceral leishmaniasis (caused by L. donovani). In comparing Leishmania drug susceptibility, it has been found that L. donovani is the most susceptible to miltefosine while L. major is the least susceptible. Off-label use includes treatment of free-living amebae (FLA) infections (unlabeled use; CDC, 2013). 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Cilansetron
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Cilansetron is a drug that is a 5HT-3 antagonist currently under trial phase in the EU and US. It is manufactured by Solvay Pharmaceuticals INC. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with irritable bowel syndrome.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Tegaserod
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Tegaserod is a 5-HT4 agonist manufactured by Novartis and used for the management of irritable bowel syndrome and constipation. Its use was the only drug approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration to help relieve the abdominal discomfort, bloating and constipation associated with irritable bowel syndrome. On March 30, 2007, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration requested that Novartis withdraw Zelnorm from shelves. The FDA alleges a relationship between prescriptions of the drug and increased risks of heart attack or stroke. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Provides relief from the symptoms of irritable bowel syndrome including chronic idiopathic constipation.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ketamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ketamine is an NMDA receptor antagonist with a potent anesthetic effect.[6] It was developed in 1963 as a replacement for phencyclidine (PCP) by Calvin Stevens at Parke Davis Laboratories. It started being used for veterinary purposes in Belgium and in 1964 was proven that compared to PCP, it produced minor hallucinogenic effects and shorter psychotomimetic effects. It was FDA approved in 1970, and from there, it has been used as an anesthetic for children or patients undergoing minor surgeries but mainly for veterinary purposes.[14]
4. Indication:  Ketamine is indicated as an anesthetic agent for recommended diagnostic and surgical procedures. If skeletal muscle relaxation is needed, it should be combined with a muscle relaxant. If the surgical procedure involves visceral pain, it should be supplemented with an agent that obtunds visceral pain. Ketamine can be used for induction of anesthesia prior other general anesthetic agents and as a supplement of low potency agents.[15]Reports have indicated a potential use of ketamine as a therapeutic tool for the management of depression when administered in lower doses.[7] These reports have increased the interest for ketamine in this area and several clinical trials are launched for this indication.[16, 8]
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Ioxilan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ioxilan is a tri-iodinated diagnostic contrast agent. Intravascular injection results in opacification of vessels in the path of flow of the contrast medium, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures of the human body until significant hemodilution occurs.
4. Indication:  When administered intra-arterially, Ioxilan is indicated for the following diagnostic tests: cerebral arteriography (300 mgI/mL), coronary arteriography and left ventriculography (350 mgI/mL), visceral angiography(350 mgI/mL), aortography(350 mgI/mL), and peripheral arteriography(350 mgI/mL).When administered intravenously, Ioxilan is indicated for excretory urography and contrast enhanced computed tomographic (CECT) imaging of the head and body (300 and 350 mgI/mL).
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nilutamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilutamide is an antineoplastic hormonal agent primarily used in the treatment of prostate cancer. Nilutamide is a pure, nonsteroidal anti-androgen with affinity for androgen receptors (but not for progestogen, estrogen, or glucocorticoid receptors). Consequently, Nilutamide blocks the action of androgens of adrenal and testicular origin that stimulate the growth of normal and malignant prostatic tissue. Prostate cancer is mostly androgen-dependent and can be treated with surgical or chemical castration. To date, antiandrogen monotherapy has not consistently been shown to be equivalent to castration.
4. Indication:  For use in combination with surgical castration for the treatment of metastatic prostate cancer involving distant lymph nodes, bone, or visceral organs (Stage D2).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Iopromide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iopromide is a low osmolar, non-ionic X-ray contrast agent for intravascular administration. It functions as a contrast agent by opacifying blood vessels in the path of flow of the contrast agent, permitting radiographic visualization of the internal structures until significant hemodilution occurs.Available as the FDA-approved product Ultravist, iopromide is used in radiographic studies such as intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA), cerebral and peripheral arteriography, peripheral venography, excretory urography, brain computer tomography (CT), coronary arteriography, left ventriculography, visceral angiography, and aortography. 
4. Indication:  Iopromide, as the product Iovist, is indicated for use as an X-ray contrast agent in the following procedures:Intra-arterial digital subtraction angiography (IA-DSA) (150 mg I/mL)Cerebral arteriography and peripheral arteriography (300 mg I/mL)Coronary arteriography and left ventriculography, visceral angiography and aortography (370 mg I/mL)Peripheral venography (240 mg I/mL)Excretory urography (300 mg I/mL)Contrast computed tomography (CT) imaging of head and body (300 mg I/mL and 370 mg I/mL) 
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Thiabendazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  2-Substituted benzimidazole first introduced in 1962. It is active against a variety of nematodes and is the drug of choice for strongyloidiasis. It has CNS side effects and hepatototoxic potential. (From Smith and Reynard, Textbook of Pharmacology, 1992, p919)
4. Indication:  For the treatment of strongyloidiasis (threadworm), cutaneous larva migrans (creeping eruption), visceral larva migrans, and trichinosis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Granisetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A serotonin receptor (5HT-3 selective) antagonist that has been used as an antiemetic and antinauseant for cancer chemotherapy patients. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of emetogenic cancer therapy (including high dose cisplatin), postoperation, and radiation (including total body irradiation and daily fractionated abdominal radiation).
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Ondansetron
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A competitive serotonin type 3 receptor antagonist. It is effective in the treatment of nausea and vomiting caused by cytotoxic chemotherapy drugs, including cisplatin, and has reported anxiolytic and neuroleptic properties. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, postoperation, and radiation. Also used for the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Ioversol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ioversol is an organoiodine compound used as a diagnostic contrast medium. It features both a high iodine content, as well as several hydrophilic groups.
4. Indication:  Optiray 350 is indicated in adults for peripheral and coronary arteriography and left ventriculography. Optiray 350 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, intravenous excretory urography, intravenous digital subtraction angiography and venography. Optiray 350 is indicated in children for angiocardiography.Optiray 320 is indicated in adults for angiography throughout the cardiovascular system. The uses include cerebral, coronary, peripheral, visceral and renal arteriography, venography, aortography, and left ventriculography. Optiray 320 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 320 is indicated in children for angiocardiography, contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 300 is indicated for cerebral angiography and peripheral arteriography. Optiray 300 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body, venography, and intravenous excretory urography.Optiray 240 is indicated for cerebral angiography and venography. Optiray 240 is also indicated for contrast enhanced computed tomographic imaging of the head and body and intravenous excretory urography.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Plecanatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Plecanatide is a drug approved in January 2017 by the FDA for the treatment of chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC). It should not be used in children less than six years of age, and should be avoided in patients six years to 18 years of age
4. Indication:  Plecanatide stimulates intestinal fluid secretions in the gastrointestinal tract to support regular bowel function. Plecanatide, taken orally once daily, works locally in the upper GI tract to stimulate secretion of intestinal fluid and support regular bowel function.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Palonosetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Palonosetron (INN, trade name Aloxi) is a 5-HT3 antagonist used in the prevention and treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting (CINV). It is the most effective of the 5-HT3 antagonists in controlling delayed CINV nausea and vomiting that appear more than 24 hours after the first dose of a course of chemotherapy and is the only drug of its class approved for this use by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. As of 2008, it is the most recent 5-HT3 antagonist to enter clinical use.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, as well as prevention of acute nausea and vomiting associated with highly emetogenic cancer chemotherapy. Also used for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting for up to 24 hours post operation.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Dolasetron
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dolasetron is an antinauseant and antiemetic agent indicated for the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with moderately-emetogenic cancer chemotherapy and for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Dolasetron is a highly specific and selective serotonin 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. This drug is not shown to have activity at other known serotonin receptors, and has low affinity for dopamine receptors.
4. Indication:  For the prevention of nausea and vomiting associated with emetogenic cancer chemotherapy, including initial and repeat courses of chemotherapy. Also used for the prevention of postoperative nausea and vomiting. This drug can be used intravenously for the treatment of postoperative nausea and vomiting.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Linaclotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Linaclotide is an orally administered, peptide agonist of guanylate cyclase 2C for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. Chemically, it is a heterodetic cyclic peptide and consists of fourteen amino acids. The protein sequence is as follows: Cys Cys Glu Tyr Cys Cys Asn Pro Ala Cys Thr Gly Cys Tyr. There are three disulfide bonds which are located between Cys1 and Cys6; between Cys2 and Cys10; and between Cys5 and Cys13. FDA approved on August 30, 2012.
4. Indication:  Treatment of irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) with constipation and chronic idiopathic constipation. 
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Aranidipine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Aranidipine is a novel dihydropyridine derivative that gives rise to two active metabolites (M-1α and M-1β) that exhibit hypotensive activity. It is a calcium antagonist with the formula methyl 2-oxopropyl 1,4-dihydro-2,6-dimethyl-4-(2-nitrophenyl)-3,5-pyridinedicarboxylate.[1] It was developed by Maruko Seiyaku, introduced by Taiho and launched in Japan in 1997.[5]
4. Indication:  Aranidipine has been used for many years to treat angina pectoris and hypertension.[1]
