DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Pegpleranib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in macular degeneration and eye disorders/infections.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Isopropamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Isopropamide iodide is a long-acting quaternary anticholinergic drug. It is used in the treatment of peptic ulcer and other gastrointestinal disorders marked by hyperacidity and hypermotility.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders, including such conditions as peptic ulcer, gastritis, hyperchlorhydria, functional diarrhea, irritable or spastic colon, pyloroduodenal irritability, pylorospasm, acute nonspecific gastroenteritis, biliary dyskinesia and chronic cholelithiasis, duodenitis, gastrointestinal spasm; it may also be used to treat genitourinary spasm.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  OT-551
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  OT-551 is a novel small molecule that is topically dosed in an eye drop and has the unique ability to penetrate cell membranes and reach both the front and the back of the eye. It is intended to treat Age-related macular Degeneration (AMD), and preclinical research results indicate additional uses for OT-551, including treatment of early stage and advanced dry age-related macular degeneration (AMD) by protecting against retina photoreceptor cell death and inhibiting angiogenesis, the growth of small blood vessels leading to the wet-form of AMD. A leading cause of vision loss, AMD affects approximately 10 million Americans.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cataracts, eye disorders/infections, glaucoma, and macular degeneration.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Methantheline
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Methantheline is a synthetic antispasmodic. Antispasmodics are used to relieve cramps or spasms of the stomach, intestines, and bladder. Methantheline is used to treat intestine or stomach ulcers (peptic ulcer disease), intestine problems (irritable bowel syndrome), pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, or urinary problems (reflex neurogenic bladder in children).
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, gastritis, biliary dyskinesia, pylorosplasm, and reflex neurogenic bladder in children.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trypan blue
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Trypan blue is a diazo dye used in ophthalmic cataract surgery to stain the anterior capsule in the presence of a mature cataract, to aid in visualization, before creating the continuous curvilinear capsulorhexis.
4. Indication:  Trypan blue is indicated for use as an aid in ophthalmic surgery by staining the epiretinal membranes during ophthalmic surgical vitrectomy procedures, facilitating removal of the tissue. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Methscopolamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methscopolamine is a quaternary ammonium derivative of scopolamine and antagonist at muscarininc (mACh) receptors. Methscopolamine bromide is the most common form of the active ingredient in oral pharmaceutical products. The oral tablets are used as an adjunct therapy for the treatment of peptic ulcer and is shown to be effective in decreasing the rate of recurrence of peptic ulcers as well as preventing complications.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Risedronate
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Risedronate is a bisphosphonate used to strengthen bone, treat or prevent osteoporosis, and treat Paget's disease of bone.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Paget's disease of the bone (osteitis deformans), postmenopausal and glucocorticoid-induced osteoporosis
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Glycopyrronium
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Glycopyrronium (as the bromide salt glycopyrrolate) is a synthetic anticholinergic agent with a quaternary ammonium structure. A muscarinic competitive antagonist used as an antispasmodic, in some disorders of the gastrointestinal tract, and to reduce salivation with some anesthetics. In October 2015, glycopyrrolate was approved by the FDA for use as a standalone treatment for Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), as Seebri Neohaler.
4. Indication:  For use as a preoperative antimuscarinic to reduce salivary, tracheobronchial, and pharyngeal secretions, to reduce the volume and free acidity of gastric secretions and to block cardiac vagal inhibitory reflexes during induction of anesthesia and intubation. Also used to treat chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Protriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Protriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, protriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, protriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Protriptyline may be used for the treatment of depression. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of depression. 
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Thioridazine
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  A phenothiazine antipsychotic used in the management of psychoses, including schizophrenia, and in the control of severely disturbed or agitated behavior. It has little antiemetic activity. Thioridazine has a higher incidence of antimuscarinic effects, but a lower incidence of extrapyramidal symptoms, than chlorpromazine. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p618).Thioridazine was withdrawn worldwide in 2005 due to it's association with cardiac arrythmias.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia and generalized anxiety disorder.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clomipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Clomipramine, the 3-chloro analog of imipramine, is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, clomipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, clomipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as clomipramine, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Clomipramine may be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder). Unlabeled indications include panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy, autistic disorder, trichotillomania, onchophagia, stuttering, premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. Clomipramine is rapidly absorbed from the gastrointestinal tract and demethylated in the liver to its primary active metabolite, desmethylclomipramine.
4. Indication:  May be used to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder and disorders with an obsessive-compulsive component (e.g. depression, schizophrenia, Tourette’s disorder).Unlabeled indications include: depression, panic disorder, chronic pain (e.g. central pain, idiopathic pain disorder, tension headache, diabetic peripheral neuropathy, neuropathic pain), cataplexy and associated narcolepsy (limited evidence), autistic disorder (limited evidence), trichotillomania (limited evidence), onchophagia (limited evidence), stuttering (limited evidence), premature ejaculation, and premenstrual syndrome. 
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Benzatropine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzotropine is a centrally-acting, antimuscarinic agent used as an adjunct in the treatment of Parkinson’s disease. It may also be used to treat extrapyramidal reactions, such as dystonia and Parkinsonism, caused by antipsychotics (e.g. phenothiazines). Symptoms of Parkinson’s disease and extrapyramidal reactions arise from decreases in dopaminergic activity which creates an imbalance between dopaminergic and cholinergic activity. Anticholinergic therapy is thought to aid in restoring this balance leading to relief of symptoms. In addition to its anticholinergic effects, benztropine also inhibits the reuptake of dopamine at nerve terminals via the dopamine transporter. Benzotropine also produces antagonistic effects at the histamine H1 receptor. 
4. Indication:  For use as an adjunct in the therapy of all forms of parkinsonism and also for use in the control of extrapyramidal disorders due to neuroleptic drugs.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Clidinium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clidinium is a synthetic anticholinergic agent which has been shown in experimental and clinical studies to have a pronounced antispasmodic and antisecretory effect on the gastrointestinal tract. It inhibits muscarinic actions of acetylcholine at postganglionic parasympathetic neuroeffector sites. It is used for the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of peptic ulcer disease and also to help relieve abdominal or stomach spasms or cramps due to colicky abdominal pain, diverticulitis, and irritable bowel syndrome.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Mepenzolate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Mepenzolate is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It decreases gastric acid and pepsin secretion and suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Mepenzolate diminishes gastric acid and pepsin secretion. Mepenzolate also suppresses spontaneous contractions of the colon. Pharmacologically, it is a post-ganglionic parasympathetic inhibitor. It has not been shown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
4. Indication:  For use as adjunctive therapy in the treatment of peptic ulcer. It has not beenshown to be effective in contributing to the healing of peptic ulcer, decreasing the rate of recurrence, or preventing complications.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Droxidopa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Droxidopa is a precursor of noradrenaline that is used in the treatment of Parkinsonism. It is approved for use in Japan and is currently in trials in the U.S. The racaemic form (dl-threo-3,4-dihydroxyphenylserine) has also been used, and has been investigated in the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. There is a deficit of noradrenaline as well as of dopamine in Parkinson's disease and it has been proposed that this underlies the sudden transient freezing seen usually in advanced disease.Though L-DOPS has been used in Japan and Southeast Asia already for some time, it is also currently in clinical trials at the phase III point in the United States (U.S.), Canada, Australia, and throughout Europe. Provided L-DOPS successfully completes clinical trials, it could be approved for the treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) as early as 2011. Additionally, phase II clinical trials for intradialytic hypotension are also underway. Chelsea Therapeutics obtained orphan drug status (ODS) for L-DOPS in the U.S. for NOH, and that of which associated with Parkinson's disease , pure autonomic failure, and multiple system atrophy, and is the pharmaceutical company developing it in that country.
4. Indication:  For treatment of neurogenic orthostatic hypotension (NOH) associated with various disorders including Multiple System Atrophy, Familial Amyloid Polyneuropathy, hemodialysis induced hypotension and Parkinson's Disease. Also investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, nephropathy, blood (blood forming organ disorders, unspecified), and dizzy/fainting spells.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Esomeprazole
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A highly effective inhibitor of gastric acid secretion used in the therapy of stomach ulcers and zollinger-ellison syndrome. The drug inhibits the H(+)-K(+)-ATPase (H(+)-K(+)-exchanging ATPase) in the proton pump of gastric parietal cells. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of acid-reflux disorders (GERD), peptic ulcer disease, H. pylori eradication, and prevention of gastroinetestinal bleeds with NSAID use.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Amoxapine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amoxapine, the N-demethylated derivative of the antipsychotic agent loxapine, is a dibenzoxazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amoxapine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amoxapine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. In addition, TCAs down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Amoxapine may be used to treat neurotic and reactive depressive disorders, endogenous and psychotic depression, and mixed symptoms of depression and anxiety or agitation. 
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression in patients with neurotic or reactive depressive disorders as well as endogenous and psychotic depressions. May also be used to treat depression accompanied by anxiety or agitation.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Imipramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Imipramine, the prototypical tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), is a dibenzazepine-derivative TCA. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, imipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, imipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as imipramine and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively [5]. Imipramine has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than the tertiary amine TCAs, amitriptyline and clomipramine. Imipramine may be used to treat depression and nocturnal enuresis in children [FDA Label]. Unlabeled indications include chronic and neuropathic pain (including diabetic neuropathy), panic disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2].
4. Indication:  For the relief of symptoms of depression and as temporary adjunctive therapy in reducing enuresis in children aged 6 years and older [FDA Label]. May also be used off-label to manage panic disorders with or without agoraphobia, as a second line agent for ADHD in children and adolescents, to manage bulimia nervosa, for short-term management of acute depressive episodes in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia, for the treatment of acute stress disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder, and for symptomatic treatment of postherpetic neuralgia and painful diabetic neuropathy [12, 11, 1, 13, 14, 15, 2]. 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Hyoscyamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Hyoscyamine is a chemical compound, a tropane alkaloid it is the levo-isomer to atropine. It is a secondary metabolite of some plants, particularly henbane (Hyoscamus niger.)Hyoscyamine is used to provide symptomatic relief to various gastrointestinal disorders including spasms, peptic ulcers, irritable bowel syndrome, pancreatitis, colic and cystitis. It has also been used to relieve some heart problems, control some of the symptoms of Parkinson's disease, as well as for control of respiratory secretions in end of life care.
4. Indication:  For treatment of bladder spasms, peptic ulcer disease, diverticulitis, colic, irritable bowel syndrome, cystitis, and pancreatitis. Also used to treat certain heart conditions, to control the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and rhinitis.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Desipramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Desipramine hydrochloride is a dibenzazepine-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, desipramine does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, desipramine exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Secondary amine TCAs, such as desipramine and nortriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of norepinephrine reuptake than tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and doxepine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. Desipramine exerts less anticholinergic and sedative side effects compared to tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline and clomipramine. Desipramine may be used to treat depression, neuropathic pain (unlabeled use), agitation and insomnia (unlabeled use) and attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (unlabeled use). 
4. Indication:  For relief of symptoms in various depressive syndromes, especially endogenous depression. It has also been used to manage chronic peripheral neuropathic pain, as a second line agent for the management of anxiety disorders (e.g. panic disorder, generalized anxiety disorder), and as a second or third line agent in the ADHD management. 
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Amitriptyline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amitriptyline hydrochloride is a dibenzocycloheptene-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) and analgesic. TCAs are structurally similar to phenothiazines. They contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, amitriptyline does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, amitriptyline exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine-H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Amitriptyline may be used to treat depression, chronic pain (unlabeled use), irritable bowel syndrome (unlabeled use), diabetic neuropathy (unlabeled use), post-traumatic stress disorder (unlabeled use), and for migraine prophylaxis (unlabeled use).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of major depressive disorder in adultsIndicated for the management of neuropathic pain in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of chronic tension type headache (CTTH) in adultsIndicated for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in adultsIndicated for the the treatment of nocturnal enuresis in children aged 6 years and above when organic pathology, including spina bifida and related disorders, have been excluded and no response has been achieved to all other non-drug and drug treatments, including antispasmodics and vasopressin-related products. This medicinal product should only be prescribed by a healthcare professional with expertise in the management of persistent enuresis.-Other off-label uses include irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disorders, diabetic neuropathy, agitation and insomnia
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Idebenone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Idebenone is a synthetic analogue of ubiquinone (also known as Coenzyme Q10), a vital cell antioxidant and essential component of the Electron Transport Chain (ETC). It has been proposed that by interacting with the ETC, idebenone increases ATP production required for mitochondrial function, reduces free radicals, inhibits lipid peroxidation, and consequently protects the lipid membrane and mitochondria from oxidative damage [2]. More specifically, idebenone is thought to transfer electrons directly to complex III of the mitochondrial ETC, thereby circumventing complex I and restoring cellular energy (ATP) generation [4]. Due to its ability to reduce oxidative damage and improve ATP production, idebenone was originally investigated for its potential use in Alzheimer's Disease and other cognitivie disorders [3]. Lack of improvement in cognitive function halted its production for these conditions, however it continues to be investigated for use in other conditions associated with mitochondrial damage. Idebenone is currently only indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). LHON is a mitochondrially inherited degeneration of retinal ganglion cells, resulting in acute central vision loss. Due to its biochemical mode of action, it's thought that idebenone may re-activate viable-but-inactive retinal ganglion cells (RGCs) in LHON patients [4]. It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada.
4. Indication:  Idebenone is indicated for use by the European Medicines Agency (EMA) for the treatment of visual impairment in adolescent and adult patients withLeber’s Hereditary Optic Neuropathy (LHON). It is not currently approved for use by either the Food and Drug Administration (USA) or Health Canada [4].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Dosulepin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dosulepin (INN, BAN) formerly known as dothiepin (USAN), is a tricyclic antidepressant with anxiolytic properties that is used in several European and South Asian countries, as well as Australia, South Africa, and New Zealand. It is not FDA-approved due to low therpeutic index and significant toxicity in overdose. Dosulepin inhibits the reuptake of biogenic amines, increasing available neurotransmitter levels at the synaptic cleft. The use of dosulepsin is only recommended in patients who are intolerant or unresponsive to alternative antidepressant therapies. Dosulepsin is a thio derivative of Amitriptyline with a similar efficacy to that of Amitriptyline, and also exhibits anticholinergic, antihistamine and central sedative properties [8].Its hydrochloride form is a common active ingredient in different drug formulations.
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of symptoms of depressive illness, especially where an anti-anxiety effect is required.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
