DrugId:  1
1. Name:  VIT-100
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  VIT-100 was developed by ItherX Pharmaceuticals of San Diego. In preclinical studies, companyl has shown that VIT-100 inhibits the growth of cells taken from multiple keloid biopsies as compared to the same keloidal cells treated with a control. It is believed that similar effects would be seen in cells isolated from hypertrophic scars.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic retinopathy, scar tissue, and vitreous hemorrhage.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ocriplasmin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ocriplasmin is a recombinant truncated form of human plasmin with a molecular weight of 27.2 kDa produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Pichia pastoris expression system. Ocriplasmin is a protein made up of 249 amino acids and has two peptide chains. Agent for pharmacologic vitreolysis; thrombolytic agent. FDA approved in October 17, 2012.
4. Indication:  Ocriplasmin is a proteolytic enzyme indicated for the treatment for symptomatic vitreomacular adhesion. 
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Hyaluronidase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Highly purified sheep hyaluronidase for administration by injection into the vitreous of the eye.
4. Indication:  For increase of absorption and distribution of other injected drugs and for rehydration.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Ranibizumab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ranibizumab is a recombinant humanized IgG1 kappa isotype monoclonal antibody fragment designed for intraocular use. Ranibizumab binds to and inhibits the biologic activity of human vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGF-A). Ranibizumab has a molecular weight of approximately 48 kilodaltons and is produced by an E. coli expression system in a nutrient medium containing the antibiotic tetracycline (tetracycline is not detectable in the final product). Ranibizumab is marketed under the name Lucentis®. It is indicated for the treatment of macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of patients with macular edema after retinal vein occlusion, age-related macular degeneration (wet), and diabetic macular edema.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Fomivirsen
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Fomivirsen is a antisense 21 mer phosphorothioate oligonucleotide. It is an antiviral agent that was used in the treatment of cytomegalovirus retinitis (CMV) in immunocompromised patients, including those with AIDS. As a complementary nucleotide to the messenger RNA of the major immediate-early region proteins of human cytomegalovirus, it disrupts the replication of the virus through an antisense mechanism [6]. It was discovered at the NIH and was licensed and initially developed by Isis Pharmaceuticals, which subsequently licensed it to Novartis [3]. The drug was withdrawn by the FDA because while there was a high unmet need for drugs to treat CMV when the drug was initially discovered and developed due to the CMV arising in people with AIDS, the development of HAART dramatically reduced the number of cases of CMV. Fomivirsen is marketed under the trade name Vitravene for intravitreal injection and was the first antisense drug to be approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
4. Indication:  Indicated for the local treatment of cytomegalovirus (CMV) retinitis in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), when other therapy has been ineffective or is considered unsuitable [FDA Label].
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Denufosol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Denufosol (INN) is an inhaled drug for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, being developed by Inspire Pharmaceuticals and sponsored by the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. It was tested in two Phase III clinical trials, TIGER-1 and TIGER-2. Initially, in the first Phase III trial, TIGER-1, the compound showed significant results as compared with placebo. In the second Phase III trial, TIGER-2, the compound did not meet the primary endpoint, a significant change in baseline FEV1 (forced expiratory volume in one second) at the week 48 endpoint as compared to placebo. As of 2011, no additional clinical studies are being conducted with the compound. The drug was also investigated for the treatment of retinal detachment and other retinal diseases, but trials were terminated in 2006.
4. Indication:  For use as an inhaled treatment for cystic fibrosis.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Tiludronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Tiludronic acid is a bisphosphonate characterized by a (4-chlorophenylthio) group on the carbon atom of the basic P-C-P structure common to all bisphosphonates.
4. Indication:  For treatment of Paget's disease of bone (osteitis deformans).
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2a
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2a. Peginterferon alfa-2a is derived from the alfa-2a moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2a is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2a has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2a for the treatment of Hepatitis C [1]. Peginterferon alfa-2a was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [2].Peginterferon alfa-2a is available as a fixed dose injector (tradename Pegasys) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2002 by the FDA, Pegasys is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2a and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 36% for genotype 1 and 59% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2a is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with other antiviral drugs in patients over 5 years of age with compensated liver disease [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.Peginterferon alfa-2a is also indicated as a monotherapy for adult patients with HBeAg positive and HBeAg negative chronic hepatitis B infection who havecompensated liver disease and evidence of viral replication and liver inflammation [FDA Label].
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Voretigene Neparvovec
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Voretigene Neparvovec-rzyl (VN-rzyl) is an adeno-associated virus vector-based gene therapy.[6] An adeno-associated virus is a small virus that infects humans and other primates. It is not pathogenic and it causes a very mild immune response. This type of virus is vastly used as vectors for gene therapy because they can infect dividing and quiescent cell integrating just the carried genes into the host genome without fully integrating into the genome.[1] An advantage of this adeno-associated virus is the high predictability, unlike retrovirus, as they associate with a specific region of the human cellular genome localized in the chromosome 19. When used in genetic therapy, this virus is modified for the elimination of its negligible integrative capacity by the removal of rep and cap and the insertion of the desired gene with its promoter between the inverted terminal repeats.[2] VN-rzyl was developed by Spark Therapeutics Inc. and FDA approved on December 19, 2017.[7]
4. Indication:  VN-rzyl is indicated for the treatment of children and adult patients with confirmed biallelic RPE65 mutation-associated retinal dystrophy. The administration of VN-rzyl is conditioned to the physician determination of the presence of viable retinal cells.[FDA Label] The RPE65 represents the LCA2 form of the Leber's congenital amaurosis (LCA). LCA is a group of inherited conditionts that involves retinal degeneration and severe vision loss in early childhood leading to total blindness by 30-40 years old. The LCA2 form is associated with a mutation that interferes with the isomerohydrolase activity of the retinal pigment epithelium. The isomerohydrolase activity transforms the trans-retinyl esters to 11-cis-retinal which is the natural ligand and chromophore of the opsins of rod and cones photoreceptors. In the presence of RPE65 mutations, the opsins cannot capture light or transduce it into electrical responses to initiate vision.[3]
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Droperidol
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A butyrophenone with general properties similar to those of haloperidol. It is used in conjunction with an opioid analgesic such as fentanyl to maintain the patient in a calm state of neuroleptanalgesia with indifference to surroundings but still able to cooperate with the surgeon. It is also used as a premedicant, as an antiemetic, and for the control of agitation in acute psychoses. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 29th ed, p593)
4. Indication:  Droperidol is ssed to produce tranquilization and to reduce the incidence of nausea and vomiting in surgical and diagnostic procedures.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Tretinoin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Tretinoin, also known as all-trans-retinoic acid (ATRA), is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A (retinol). Retinoids such as tretinoin are important regulators of cell reproduction, proliferation, and differentiation and are used to treat acne and photodamaged skin and to manage keratinization disorders such as ichthyosis and keratosis follicularis. Tretinoin also represents the class of anticancer drugs called differentiating agents and is used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL).
4. Indication:  For the the induction of remission in patients with acute promyelocytic leukemia (APL), French-American-British (FAB) classification M3 (including the M3 variant); For the topical treatment of acne vulgaris, flat warts and other skin conditions (psoriasis, ichthyosis congenita, icthyosis vulgaris, lamellar icthyosis, keratosis palmaris et plantaris, epidermolytic hyperkeratosis, senile comedones, senile keratosis, keratosis follicularis (Darier's disease), and basal cell carcinomas.); For palliative therapy to improve fine wrinkling, mottled hyperpigmentation, roughness associated with photodamage.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Hyaluronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.
4. Indication:  Used to treat knee pain in patients with joint inflammation (osteoarthritis). It is usually used in patients who have not responded to other treatments such as acetaminophen, exercise, or physical therapy. Hyaluronic acid may also be used in plastic surgery to reduce wrinkles on the face or as a filler in other parts of the body. May be used in ophthalmology to assist in the extraction of cataracts, the implantation of intraocular lenses, corneal transplants, glaucoma filtration, retinal attachment and in the treatment of dry eyes. Finally, hyaluronic acid is also used to coat the bladder lining in treating interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Peginterferon alfa-2b
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is a form of recombinant interferon used as part of combination therapy to treat chronic Hepatitis C, an infectious liver disease caused by infection with Hepatitis C Virus (HCV). HCV is a single-stranded RNA virus that is categorized into nine distinct genotypes, with genotype 1 being the most common in the United States, and affecting 72% of all chronic HCV patients [3]. Treatment options for chronic Hepatitis C have advanced significantly since 2011, with the development of Direct Acting Antivirals (DAAs) resulting in less use of Peginterferon alfa-2b. Peginterferon alfa-2b is derived from the alfa-2b moeity of recombinant human interferon and acts by binding to human type 1 interferon receptors. Activation and dimerization of this receptor induces the body's innate antiviral response by activating the janus kinase/signal transducer and activator of transcription (JAK/STAT) pathway. Use of Peginterferon alfa-2b is associated with a wide range of severe adverse effects including the aggravation and development of endocrine and autoimmune disorders, retinopathies, cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric complications, and increased risk of hepatic decompensation in patients with cirrhosis. The use of Peginterferon alfa-2b has largely declined since newer interferon-free antiviral therapies have been developed.In a joint recommendation published in 2016, the American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD) and the Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA) no longer recommend Peginterferon alfa-2b for the treatment of Hepatitis C [2]. Peginterferon alfa-2b was used alongside Ribavirin with the intent to cure, or achieve a sustained virologic response (SVR), after 48 weeks of therapy. SVR and eradication of HCV infection is associated with significant long-term health benefits including reduced liver-related damage, improved quality of life, reduced incidence of Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and reduced all-cause mortality [1].Peginterferon alfa-2b is available as a variable dose injectable product (tradename Pegintron) used for the treatment of chronic Hepatitis C. Approved in 2001 by the FDA, Pegintron is indicated for the treatment of HCV with Ribavirin or other antiviral drugs [FDA Label]. When combined together, Peginterferon alfa-2b and Ribavirin have been shown to achieve a SVR between 41% for genotype 1 and 75% for genotypes 2-6 after 48 weeks of treatment.
4. Indication:  Peginterferon alfa-2b is indicated for the treatment of HCV in combination with Ribavirin and a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotype 1 or without a NS3/4A protease inhibitor for genotypes 2-6 [FDA Label]. May be used as a monotherapy in patients with contraindications to or significant intolerance to other anti-viral therapies.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Glycerin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A trihydroxy sugar alcohol that is an intermediate in carbohydrate and lipid metabolism.
4. Indication:  It is used as a solvent, emollient, pharmaceutical agent, and sweetening agent.
