DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells consist of hematopoietic progenitor cells, monocytes, lymphocytes, and granulocytes from human cord blood. They are used during allogeneic unrelated and related hematopoietic stem cell transplantation procedures in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment. Human umbilical cord is a rich source of hematopoietic stem cells and progenitor cells that are capable of proliferation in vitro. Active and viable hematopoietic progenitor cells, or hematopoietic stem cells (HSCs) express the cell surface marker CD34 which is critical for cell identification [1]. Upon division and maturation at the bone marrow following intravenous administration to the patient, hematopoietic progenitor cells enter the systemic circulation to restore blood counts and function [FDA Label].After the first cord blood transplant in 1988 in a patient with Fanconi anemia [3], the use of umbilical cord blood transplantation was increased in clinical settings. Human cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cells can be collected from both related or unrelated donors. The unrelated donor transplant setting has several advantages over related donor transplant and bone marrow transplantation; it allows shorter time to transplant and tolerance of 1–2 human leukocyte antigen mismatch due to expanded donor pool, which increases the chance of finding a suitable donor, particularly in patients requiring urgent transplantation [2]. Other advantages of HSC transplantation include a lower risk of transmitting infections by latent viruses and improved targeting of ethnic minorities increased pool of rare haplotypes [2]. Umbilical cord blood cell transplantation was also associated with reduced incidence and severity of graft versus host disease (GVHD) thus improved survival rates of transplant patients compared to allogeneic bone marrow transplant setting, which may be due to "naive" nature of lymphocytes [4]. Hemacord is marketed in the U.S. as an allogeneic cord blood hematopoietic progenitor cell therapy for intravenous use.
4. Indication:  Indicated for use in unrelated donor hematopoietic progenitor cell transplantation procedures in conjunction with an appropriate preparative regimen for hematopoietic and immunologic reconstitution in patients with disorders affecting the hematopoietic system that are inherited, acquired, or result from myeloablative treatment [FDA Label]. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Tolperisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Tolperisone is an oral, centrally acting muscle relaxant. Its precise mechanism is not completely understood, though it blocks sodium and calcium channels. It possesses a high affinity for nervous system tissue, reaching highest concentrations in brain stem, spinal cord and peripheral nerves. Based on existing clinical data, Tolperisone is not sedating and does not interact with alcohol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neurologic disorders, spinal cord injuries, muscle spasm, back pain, and multiple sclerosis.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Decamethonium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Decamethonium is a short acting depolarizing muscle relaxant or neuromuscular blocking agent, and is used in anesthesia to induce paralysis. It is similar to acetylcholine and acts as a partial agonist of the nicotinic acetylcholine receptor.
4. Indication:  For use as a skeletal muscle relaxant
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  XEN2174
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Xen2174 is a synthetic drug modeled on a peptide from the venom of a cone shell found on Australia's Great Barrier Reef. Xen2174 represents a new class of molecules, called the chi conopeptides that selectively inhibit the Norepinephrine Transporter (NET). NET is the primary mechanism regulating the biological effects of norepinephrine (NE) on the body. In episodes of pain, inhibition of NET by Xen2174 elevates the levels of NE leading to the activation of inhibitory pathways preventing pain signals from reaching the brain. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic cancer pain.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dezocine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dezocine is a partial opiate drug and is used for pain management. Dezocine is a very effective alternative to fentanyl when administered during outpatient laparoscopy, although is associated with an increased incidence of postoperative nausea. 
4. Indication:  Indicated in the treatment of moderate to severe pain.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Pipecuronium
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Pipecuronium is a piperazinyl androstane derivative which is a non-depolarizing neuromuscular blocking agent.
4. Indication:  Used as a muscle relaxant during anesthesia and surgical procedures.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Pimozide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A diphenylbutylpiperidine that is effective as an antipsychotic agent and as an alternative to haloperidol for the suppression of vocal and motor tics in patients with Tourette syndrome. Although the precise mechanism of action is unknown, blockade of postsynaptic dopamine receptors has been postulated. (From AMA Drug Evaluations Annual, 1994, p403)
4. Indication:  Used for the suppression of motor and phonic tics in patients with Tourette's Disorder who have failed to respond satisfactorily to standard treatment.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Tropicamide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  One of the muscarinic antagonists with pharmacologic action similar to atropine and used mainly as an ophthalmic parasympatholytic or mydriatic. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Indicated to induce mydriasis (dilation of the pupil) and cycloplegia (paralysis of the ciliary muscle of the eye) in diagnostic procedures, such as measurement of refractive errors and examination of the fundus of the eye.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Cholesterol
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  The principal sterol of all higher animals, distributed in body tissues, especially the brain and spinal cord, and in animal fats and oils. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Chymopapain
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Chymopapain is a proteolytic enzyme isolated from the latex of papaya (Carica papaya), it is a medication used to treat herniated lower lumbar discs in the spine. The sale and distribution of chymopapain was discontinued in the United States on January 27, 2003. Serious side effects from the use of chymopapain include anaphylaxis, paralysis of the legs, or death. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  Chymopapain injections should preferably be given under local, rather than general, anaesthesia. The dose for a single intervertebral disc is 2 to 4 nanokatals, with a maximum dose per patient of 8 nanokatals. [Wikipedia]
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  N-omega-nitro-L-arginine methyl ester
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  L-NAME has been investigated for the treatment of Hypotension and Spinal Cord Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Phenacetin
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Phenacetin was withdrawn from the Canadian market in June 1973 due to concerns regarding nephropathy (damage to or disease of the kidney).
4. Indication:  Used principally as an analgesic.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Chlorzoxazone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A centrally acting central muscle relaxant with sedative properties. It is claimed to inhibit muscle spasm by exerting an effect primarily at the level of the spinal cord and subcortical areas of the brain. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoea, 30th ed, p1202)
4. Indication:  For the relief of discomfort associated with acute painful musculoskeletal conditions.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Iophendylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Iophendylate is a mixture of isomers used as contrast medium, mainly for brain and spinal cord visualization. Iophendylate is a myelographic oil-ester (U.S. Patent 2,348,231). Iophendylate, which was never shown to be safe, was initially introduced for use in small amounts (1-2cc) for locating spinal tumors. It next appeared on the world scene for high volume (12-15cc), routine use, in diagnosing disc herniations. A number of clinicians have published on the dangers of oil myelography. In 1942 Van Wagenen (a neurosurgical colleague of Warrens, at the University of Rochester) identified Iophendylate as causing chemical meningitis in 30 patients where "space-displacing masses within the spinal canal were suspected".
4. Indication:  Iophendylate is used as a contrast agent to locate spinal tumors.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Epicept NP-1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  EpiCept NP-1 is a prescription topical analgesic cream designed to provide effective, long-term relief from the pain of peripheral neuropathies. Peripheral neuropathies are medical conditions caused by damage to the nerves in the peripheral nervous system. The peripheral nervous system includes nerves that run from the brain and spinal cord to the rest of the body. EpiCept NP-1 Cream is a patented formulation containing two FDA-approved drugs, amitriptyline (a widely-used antidepressant) and ketamine (an NMDA antagonist that is used as an anesthetic).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Praziquantel
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An anthelmintic used in most schistosome and many cestode infestations.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of infections due to all species of schistosoma.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Ziconotide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ziconotide (SNX-111; Prialt) is an atypical analgesic agent for the amelioration of severe and chronic pain. Derived from Conus magus (Cone Snail), it is the synthetic form of an ω-conotoxin peptide. In December 2004 the Food and Drug Administration approved ziconotide when delivered as an infusion into the cerebrospinal fluid using an intrathecal pump system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Oxyquinoline
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Oxyquinoline is a heterocyclic phenol and derivative of quinoline with antiseptic, disinfectant, and pesticide properties. It is used as a stabilizer for hydrogen peroxide, where it is sometimes added in cosmetic products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Tirilazad
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Tirilazad has been used in trials studying the treatment of Spinal Cord Injury.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  NCX 701
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Nitroparacetamol (NCX-701) is a newly synthesized nitric oxide-releasing derivative of paracetamol.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Tetrodotoxin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  An aminoperhydroquinazoline poison found mainly in the liver and ovaries of fishes in the order tetraodontiformes, which are eaten. The toxin causes paresthesia and paralysis through interference with neuromuscular conduction. Tetrodotoxin is being investigated by Wex Pharmaceuticals for the treatment of chronic and breakthrough pain in advanced cancer patients as well as for the treatment of opioid dependence.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of chronic and breakthrough pain in advanced cancer patients as well as for the treatment of opioid dependence.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Thallous Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Thallous chloride (also known as Thallium(I) chloride) is a chemical compound with the formula TlCl. This colourless solid is an intermediate in the isolation of thallium from its ores. Typically, an acidic solution of thallium(I) sulfate is treated with hydrochloric acid to precipitate insoluble thallium(I) chloride. This solid crystallizes in the caesium chloride motif. It is used as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical. It is used for diagnosis of heart and parathyroid problems. The following are among the possible side effects: Blurred vision, chest pain or discomfort, chills, confusion, cough, difficulty with breathing, difficulty with swallowing, and dizziness.
4. Indication:  For use as a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical.It is indicated to help diagnose heart disease (eg, coronary artery disease, heart attack). It is also used for the diagnosis of parathyroid problems. 
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Haloperidol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A phenyl-piperidinyl-butyrophenone, traditional antipsychotic drug that is used primarily to treat schizophrenia and other psychoses. It is also used for the management of schizoaffective disorder, delusional disorders, ballism, and Tourette syndrome (a drug of choice) and occasionally as adjunctive therapy in mental retardation and the chorea associated with Huntington's disease. It is a potent antiemetic and is used in the treatment of intractable hiccups [5], [7].The efficacy of haloperidol was first established in controlled trials in the 1960s [9].Interestingly, in vivo pharmacogenetic studies have demonstrated that the metabolism of haloperidol may be modulated by genetically determined polymorphic CYP2D6 activity. However, these findings contradict the findings from studies in vitro with human liver microsomes and from drug interaction studies in vivo. Inter-ethnic and pharmacogenetic differences in haloperidol metabolism may possibly explain these observations [3].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of schizophrenia [10]For the treatment of acute psychosis in acutely agitated schizophrenic patients with moderately severe to very severe symptoms [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral or psychological symptoms of dementia [10]For the treatment of delirium in the pediatric intensive care unit [10]For the treatment of agitation or delirium [10]For agitation† or delirium in adult patients with no underlying psychiatric illness [10]For use as a second-line agent for rescue treatment of chemotherapy-induced nausea/vomiting [10]For the treatment of irritability associated with autistic disorder [10]For the treatment of tics and vocal utterances associated with Tourette's syndrome [10]For the treatment of severe behavioral problems associated with oppositional defiant disorder or other disruptive behavioral disorders, or for the treatment of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in pediatric patients who show excessive motor activity with accompanying conduct disorders [10]
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nitrous oxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Nitrous oxide, commonly known as "laughing gas", is a chemical compound with the chemical formula N2O. At room temperature, it is a colorless non-flammable gas, with a pleasant, slightly sweet odor and taste. It is used in surgery and dentistry for its anesthetic and analgesic effects. It is known as "laughing gas" due to the euphoric effects of inhaling it, a property that has led to its recreational use as an inhalant drug [Wikipedia].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Aluminum chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Aluminum chloride is a chemical compound with the chemical formula AlCl3. When contaminated with iron chloride, it often displays a yellow color compared to the white pure compound. It is used in various chemical applications as a Lewis base, with anhydrous aluminium trichloride being the most commonly used Lewis acid. It may also be found in over-the-counter as an antiperspirant or prescription products as an antihemorrhagic agent. In antiperspirant products, FDA approves the use of aluminum chloride as an active ingredient up to 15%, calculated on the hexahydrate form, in an aqueous solution nonaerosol dosage form [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the control of minor hemorrhage during dental restorative procedures.Indicated to reduce underarm perspiration.
