DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Von Willebrand Factor Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[1] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[8]
4. Indication:  The vWF and Factor VIII complex is indicated for the prevention of excessive bleeding during and after minor and major surgery in adult and pediatric von Willebrand disease patients. It is also indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes.[9] The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[10]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vonicog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vonicog Alfa is a recombinant von Willebrand factor manufactured by Baxalta. It was FDA approved in December 2015.[1] The gen of von Willebrand factor was first cloned in 1985 by Stuart Orkin and David Ginsburg.[6] By the EMA, vonicog alfa is still under clinical analysis.[7]
4. Indication:  Vonicog alfa is indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes in adults previously diagnosed with von Willebrand disease.[8] Vonicog alfa contains only the vWF and thus, its administration offers the flexibility to administer the coagulation factor VIII if needed. The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[9]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Abciximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Abciximab is a Fab fragment of the chimeric human-murine monoclonal antibody 7E3. Abciximab binds to the glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor of human platelets and inhibits platelet aggregation by preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive molecules. It also binds to vitronectin (αvβ3) receptor found on platelets and vessel wall endothelial and smooth muscle cells.
4. Indication:  Abciximab is indicated as an adjunct to percutaneous coronary intervention for the prevention of cardiac ischemic complications in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and in patients with unstable angina not responding to conventional medical therapy when percutaneous coronary intervention is planned within 24 hours. Abciximab is intended for use with aspirin and heparin and has been studied only in that setting.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Eptifibatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic cyclic hexapeptide that binds to platelet receptor glycoprotein and inhibits platelet aggregation.
4. Indication:  For treatment of myocardial infarction and acute coronary syndrome.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Simoctocog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simoctocog alfa is a recombinant B-domain deleted (BDD) rFVIII produced in genetically modified human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293F cells. The harvested product is concentrated and purified by a series of chromatography steps. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used as a replacement therapy in individuals with Haemophilia A who lack the factor VIII in the intrinsic pathway of blood coagulation system. As patients with haemophilia A are predisposed to episodes of recurrent bleeding [2], simoctocog alfa can be administered for the treatment or prevention of bleeding such as prior to surgical procedures.Simoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein consisting of 1440 amino acids with an approximate molecular mass of 170 kDa, comprising the FVIII domains A1-A2 + A3-C1-C2 whereas the B-domain, present in the full-length plasma-derived FVIII, has been deleted and replaced by a 16 amino acid linker. Simoctocog alfa is a fourth-generation BDD FVIII product made in the human embryonic kidney (HEK) cell line. Full human post-translational modifications via elimination of potentially immunogenic glycosylation patterns found in non-human cell lines led to decreased immunogenicity and longer half-life [1]. Simoctocog alfa is marketed in Europe under the trade name Nuwiq for intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all ages with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Susoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous susoctocog alfa is a recombinant, B-domain deleted, porcine sequence antihaemophilic factor VIII (FVIII) product that has recently been approved for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired haemophilia A (AHA). AHA is a rare bleeding disorder that results in a prolonged clotting time as measured by the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) assay, a conventional in vitro test for biological activity of factor VIII. Patients with AHA have normal Factor VIII genes for coagulation pathways but develop inhibitory autoantibodies directed against Factor VIII. These autoantibodies neutralize circulating human factor VIII and create a functional deficiency of this procoagulant protein. Susoctocog alfa serves to temporarily restore the inhibited endogenous Factor VIII for effective hemostasis. In a global, prospective, controlled, multi-center Phase 2/3 open-label clinical trial, all patients responded to susoctocog alfa treatment within 24 hours [2]. Susoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein containing a 90 kDa heavy chain and a 80 kDa light chain with the naturally-occuring B domain replaced with a twenty-four amino acid linker.Susoctocog alfa was approved by the FDA in October 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Obizur for intravenous injection. It is the first recombinant porcine FVIII treatment approved for AHA that allows physicians to manage the treatment's efficacy and safety by measuring factor VIII activity levels in addition to clinical assessments [2]. The recombinant porcine sequence allows less susceptibility to inactivation by circulating human factor VIII antibodies.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired hemophilia A.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor human
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antihemophilic factor human, also known as Coagulation Factor VIII or Anti-Hemophilic Factor (AHF), is a non-recombinant, lyophilized concentrate of coagulation factor VIII, an endogenous protein and essential component of the coagulation cascade. Antihemophilic factor is manufactured with reduced amounts of von Willebrand Factor antigen (VWF:Ag) and purified from extraneous plasma-derived protein by affinity chromatography. The small amount of VWF:Ag is used to purify factor VIII complex and then removed from the final preparation. The final purified concentrate contains albumin as a stabilizer.[11]. The complex was developed by CSL Behring or Baxter Healthcare Corporation and approved in the 90s.Endogenous Factor VIII is essential to the clotting process in the body due to its involvement in the clotting cascade where it is responsible for acting as a co-factor to Factor IX. Activation of Factor IX leads to a cascade of signals that results in activation of Factor X, which then results in the conversion of prothrombin to thrombin, and as a result, leads to the conversion of fibrinogen to fibrin, the fibrous protein that creates the scaffold of the clot. Replacement of Factor VIII is essential for the treatment of Hemophilia A, which is caused by mutations in the Factor VIII gene, leading to a functional deficiency or complete loss of protein. Congenital loss or deficiency of Factor VIII results in the physiologic impairment of the coagulation clotting cascade, and as a result, leads to easy bruising and bleeding. Bleeding can range in severity from minor concerns, such as nosebleeds, to more serious events such as hemorrhaging in the joints, brain, or digestive tract [6].Exogenous replacement of Factor VIII is currently the cornerstone of Hemophilia treatment and is used for the prophylaxis and control of bleeding episodes. Treatment has drastically improved since the 1960s when Factor VIII protein was primarily purified from human plasma, rather than being produced through recombinant DNA technology. Unfortunately, purification of protein from human plasma carries an increased risk of transmission of blood-borne diseases such as HIV and Hepatitis, which in part contributed to the Tainted Blood Scandal in the 1980s and 1990s [7, 8].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Antihemophilic factor human include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function and Efmoroctocog alfa, which is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein which has an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII due to conjugation to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [7].Antihemophilic factor human is approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in hemophilia A (classical hemophilia) for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes [FDA Label].
4. Indication:  The human antihemophilic factor is indicated for the cases of hemophilia A, also known as classical hemophilia for the prevention and control of hemorrhagic episodes.[12] If surgery is needed in patients with hemophilia A there is a need of correction of the clotting abnormality. In this cases, the human antihemophilic factor may be administered followed by intermittent maintenance doses.[11] The hemophilia A is characterized by the deficiency of the coagulation factor VIII that results in prolonged blood flow after injury or surgery as well as recurrent bleeding.[9]
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Carbazochrome
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Carbazochrome is a hemostatic agent that causes the aggregation and adhesion of platelets in the blood to form a platelet plug, ceasing blood flow from an open wound. It is an oxidation product of adrenaline which enhances the microcirculatory tone [4]. It is hoped that this drug can be used in the future for preventing excessive blood flow during surgical operations and the treatment of hemorrhoids, but research on its effectiveness and the severity of possible side effects remains to be fairly inconclusive. It is not FDA-approved but is available as tablets or IM/SC injections in the treatment of hemorrhages in a number of countries.Carbazochrome has been investigated for use in the treatment of non-surgical acute uncomplicated hemorrhoids in a mixture with Troxerutin, and this combination therapy demonstrated efficacy and safe tolerability either at a local or systemic level [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for capillary and parenchymal hemorrhage (trauma, tonsillectomy, during surgery), intestinal bleeding, and thrombocytopenic purpura.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Efmoroctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Efmoroctocog alfa is a fully recombinant factor VIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) with an extended half-life compared with conventional factor VIII (FVIII) preparations, including recombinant FVIII (rFVIII) products such as Moroctocog alfa[1]. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used in replacement therapy for patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is suitable for all age groups. Haemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder associated with a slow clotting process caused by the deficiency of factor VIII. Patients with this disorder are more susceptible to recurrent bleeding episodes and excessive bleeding following minor traumatic injuries or surgical procedures [1]. Prophylactic treatment may dramatically improve the management of severe haemophilia A in the future by reducing joint bleeding and other hemorrhages that cause chronic pain and disability to patients [1, 2]. Prophylaxis has also shown to reduce the formation of neutralizing anti-FVIII antibodies, or inhibitors [2]. Factor VIII is a blood coagulant factor involved in the intrinsic pathway to form fibrin, or a blood clot. Efmoroctocog alfa is a first commercially available rFVIII-Fc fusion protein (rFVIIIFc) where the conjugated molecule of rFVIII to polyethylene glycol is covalently fused to the dimeric Fc domain of human immunoglobulin G1, a long-lived plasma protein [FDA Label]. The B domain of factor VIII is deleted. In animal models of haemophilia, efmoroctocog alfa demonstrated an approximately two-fold longer t½ than commercially available rFVIII products [1].Other drug products with similar structure and function to Efmoroctocog alfa include Moroctocog alfa, which is produced by recombinant DNA technology and is identical in sequence to endogenously produced Factor VIII, but does not contain the B-domain, which has no known biological function, and Antihemophilic factor human, which is purified endogenous Factor VIII from human pooled blood and contains both A- and B-subunits. It is commonly marketed as Elocta or Eloctate for intravenous injection. To date, no confirmed inhibitory autoantibodies were seen in previously treated patients included in clinical studies and treatment-emergent adverse events were generally consistent with those expected in the patient populations being studied [1]. The extended half-life of efmoroctocog alfa provides several clinical benefits for patients, including reduced frequency of injections required and improved adherence to prophylaxis [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Nilotinib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nilotinib, also known as AMN107, is a tyrosine kinase inhibitor under investigation as a possible treatment for chronic myelogenous leukemia (CML). In June 2006, a Phase I clinical trial found nilotinib has a relatively favorable safety profile and shows activity in cases of CML resistant to treatment with imatinib (Gleevec®), another tyrosine kinase inhibitor currently used as a first-line treatment. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the potential treatment of various leukemias, including chronic myeloid leukemia (CML).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Interleukin-10
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Interleukin-10 has been used in trials studying the prevention and treatment of Vasculitis, Pancreatitis, Bile Duct Diseases, Pancreatic Diseases, and Gallbladder Diseases, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  NVS antibody
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  This drug has been developed using Medarex's UltiMAb Human Antibody Development System to treat autoimmune diseases.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Burlulipase
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Burlulipase has been used in trials studying the treatment of Lung Diseases, Cystic Fibrosis, Pancreatic Insufficiency, Digestive System Diseases, and Respiratory Tract Diseases.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  PN0621
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  PN0621 is an anti-TNF, domain antibody (dAb) based therapeutic. It targets tumour necrosis factor (TNF) to treat auto-immune inflammatory diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. It is being developed by Peptech.
4. Indication:  Intended for the treatment of auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and Crohn's disease.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  TRX1
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TRX1 is a humanized antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor found on a subset of T cells. TRX1 is being developed for the potential treatment of autoimmune diseases in collaboration with Genentech, Inc. TolerRx is currently conducting a Phase I clinical study of TRX1 in the United Kingdom.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  LX-2931
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), and autoimmune diseases.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  R1295
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  R1295 is an integrin antagonist currently in clinical trials for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. Integrins are associated to the pathology seen in some of the autoimmune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Polihexanide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Polihexanide has been used in trials studying the treatment, prevention, and supportive care of Caries, Neoplasm, Skin Diseases, Nail Diseases, and Dental Plaque, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  KB002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KB002 is an engineered human IgG1k antibody engineered human. It is developed for the treatment of autoimmune diseases, initially rheumatoid arthritis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in rheumatoid arthritis.
