DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Von Willebrand Factor Human
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  von Willebrand Factor (vWF) is a multimeric glycoprotein that consists of disulfide-bridge linked dimers. It is usually circulating in plasma as a stable complex with the coagulation factor VIII. The human vWF, as a drug product, is a complex that also contains the coagulation factor VIII.[1] This complex was developed by Octapharma Pharmazeutika Produktionsges and FDA approved on August 21, 2015.[8]
4. Indication:  The vWF and Factor VIII complex is indicated for the prevention of excessive bleeding during and after minor and major surgery in adult and pediatric von Willebrand disease patients. It is also indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes.[9] The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[10]
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vonicog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vonicog Alfa is a recombinant von Willebrand factor manufactured by Baxalta. It was FDA approved in December 2015.[1] The gen of von Willebrand factor was first cloned in 1985 by Stuart Orkin and David Ginsburg.[6] By the EMA, vonicog alfa is still under clinical analysis.[7]
4. Indication:  Vonicog alfa is indicated for the on-demand treatment and control of bleeding episodes in adults previously diagnosed with von Willebrand disease.[8] Vonicog alfa contains only the vWF and thus, its administration offers the flexibility to administer the coagulation factor VIII if needed. The von Willebrand disease is an inherited disorder characterized by the deficiency or misfunction of the von Willebrand factor (vWF). Due to this deficiency, the blood cannot clot properly and the patients that present this disease are prone to prolonged or excessive bleeding. There are three types of this disease, and type 3 is an autosomal recessive inherited disorder marked by very low or absent levels of vWF.[9]
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Antihemophilic factor, human recombinant
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human recombinant antihemophilic factor (AHF) or Factor VIII, 2332 residues, glycosylated, produced by CHO cells
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A, von Willebrand disease and Factor XIII deficiency.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Caplacizumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALX-0081 is a novel ‘first-in-class’ therapeutic Nanobody®targeting von Willebrand Factor (vWF), which can reduce the risk of thrombosis in patients with acute coronary syndrome. ALX-0081 is intended to prevent arterial thrombosis, without interfering with the desired haemostatis (wound healing) in the patient which results in less bleeding complications.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders and thrombosis.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Vasopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Antidiuretic hormone, also known as vasopressin, is a nine amino acid peptide secreted from the posterior pituitary. Antidiuretic hormone binds to receptors in the distal or collecting tubules of the kidney and promotes reabsorbtion of water back into the circulation
4. Indication:  For the treatment of enuresis, polyuria, diabetes insipidus, polydipsia and oesophageal varices with bleeding
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Desmopressin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Desmopressin (dDAVP), a synthetic analogue of 8-arginine vasopressin (ADH), is an antidiuretic peptide drug modified by deamination of 1-cysteine and substitution of 8-L-arginine by 8-D-arginine. ADH is an endogenous pituitary hormone that has a crucial role in the control of the water content in the body. Upon release from the stimulation of increased plasma osmolarity or decreased circulating blood volume, ADH mainly acts on the cells of the distal part of the nephron and the collecting tubules in the kidney [6]. The hormone interacts with V1, V2 or V3 receptors with differing signal cascade systems.Desmopressin displays enhanced antidiuretic potency, fewer pressor effects due to V2-selective actions, and a prolonged half-life and duration of action compared to endogenous ADH [2]. It has been employed clinically since 1972 and is available in various formulations including intranasal solution, intravenous solution, oral tablet and oral lyophilisate [3]. Desmopressin is indicated for the treatment of polyuric conditions including primary nocturnal enuresis, nocturia, and diabetes insipidus. It was also newly approved for the treatment of mild classical hemophilia and von Willebrand's disease for minor surgeries. The active ingredient in most formulations is desmopressin acetate.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of nocturia due to nocturnal polyuria in adults who awaken at least 2 times per night to void (intranasal). Indicated as antidiuretic replacement therapy in the management of central cranial diabetes insipidus and for management of the temporary polyuria and polydipsia following head trauma or surgery in the pituitary region (intranasal/parenteral).Indicated for patients with hemophilia A with factor VIII coagulant activity levels greater than 5% or mild to moderate classic von Willebrand's Disease (Type I) with factor VIII levels greater than 5% during surgical procedures and postoperatively to maintain hemostasis (parenteral).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, is a recombinant full-length human coagulation factor VIII (2,332 amino acids with a molecular weight (MW) of 280 kDa) covalently conjugated with at least one molecule of polyethylene glycol (MW 20 kDa). The therapeutic activity of Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated is a derivative of its parent drug, Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant). Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) is purified from the culture medium using several chromatography columns. The purification process includes immunoaffinity chromatography, in which a monoclonal antibody directed against factor VIII is promoted to selectively isolate the factor VIII from the medium. The production process includes a viral inactivation solvent-detergent treatment step. The Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant) molecule is then covalently conjugated with the polyethylene glycol, which primarily targets lysine residues [FDA Label].Antihemophilic Factor (Recombinant), PEGylated, was approved by the FDA in November 2015 as the product Adynovate [FDA Label].PEGylation is the covalent attachment of a polyethylene glycol polymer, called PEG, to a drug or protein. It is believed that PEGylation reduces the binding of ADYNOVATE to the LRP1 clearance receptor, allowing for an increased duration of drug circulation in the plasma [6].
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].This medication is a human antihemophilic factor indicated in adolescent and adult patients (12 years and older) with hemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency). It is also used for on-demand treatment and control of bleeding and routine prophylaxis of bleeding episodes. It is not indicated for the treatment of von Willebrand disease [FDA Label].
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Egaptivon pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ARC1779 is a therapeutic aptamer antagonist of the A1 domain of von Willebrand Factor (vWF), the ligand for receptor glycoprotein 1b on platelets. ARC1779 is being developed as a novel antithrombotic agent for use in patients with acute coronary syndromes. ARC1779 is a therapeutic oligonucleotide ("aptamer") which blocks the binding of the A1 domain of vWF to the platelet GPIb receptor, and thereby modulates platelet adhesion, activation, and aggregation under the high shear conditions of coronary arterial stenosis and plaque rupture.
4. Indication:  Platelet aggregation, thrombosis and acute coronary syndromes
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Eptifibatide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic cyclic hexapeptide that binds to platelet receptor glycoprotein and inhibits platelet aggregation.
4. Indication:  For treatment of myocardial infarction and acute coronary syndrome.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Abciximab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Abciximab is a Fab fragment of the chimeric human-murine monoclonal antibody 7E3. Abciximab binds to the glycoprotein (GP) IIb/IIIa receptor of human platelets and inhibits platelet aggregation by preventing the binding of fibrinogen, von Willebrand factor, and other adhesive molecules. It also binds to vitronectin (αvβ3) receptor found on platelets and vessel wall endothelial and smooth muscle cells.
4. Indication:  Abciximab is indicated as an adjunct to percutaneous coronary intervention for the prevention of cardiac ischemic complications in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention and in patients with unstable angina not responding to conventional medical therapy when percutaneous coronary intervention is planned within 24 hours. Abciximab is intended for use with aspirin and heparin and has been studied only in that setting.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  DLO6001
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DL6001 is developed by DanioLabs using proprietary zebrafish technology to treat Parkinson’s disease symptoms including sialorrhoea and hyperhidrosis.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DLO6002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DLO6002 is developed by Summit Corporation and is in phase I of clinical trials for the treatment of Parkinson's disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Lexaptepid Pegol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Lexaptepid Pegol has been used in trials studying the treatment of Anemia, Inflammation, Chronic Diseases, End Stage Renal Disease, and Anemia of Chronic Disease.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  FP0011
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  FP0011 is a small molecule antiglutamatergic compound with symptomatic and disease modifying effects in a variety of neurological disorders (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis and Parkinson's disease). It acts on the presynaptic regulation of glutamate and shows strong neuroprotective properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) and parkinson's disease.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Paramethadione
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Paramethadione is an anticonvulsant in the oxazolidinedione class. It is associated with fetal trimethadione syndrome, which is also known as paramethadione syndrome.
4. Indication:  Used for the control of absence (petit mal) seizures that are refractory to treatment with other medications.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  ADC4022
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ADC4022 is an investigational medicine for the treatment of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and severe asthma.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Mito-4509
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Mito-4509 is a non-feminizing estrogen analog that could affect mitochondrial metabolic pathways. It is used to treat Parkinson's Disease, Alzheimer's Disease, Retinal Disorders and other neurologic Disorders. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in alzheimer's disease, neurologic disorders, parkinson's disease, and retinal disorders (unspecified).
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  KC706
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  KC706 is a novel anti-inflammatory drug that works by inhibiting the activity of p38 MAP kinase. KC706 holds potential to treat inflammatory conditions such as rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis, inflammatory bowel disease and cardiovascular disease.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory bowel disease, inflammatory disorders (unspecified), psoriasis and psoriatic disorders, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  ALKS 27
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ALKS 27 is an inhaled formulation of trospium chloride for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Study showed that ALKS 27 was well-tolerated over a wide dose range, with no dose-limited effects observed.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD).
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  AVI-4020
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  AVI-4020 is a neugene antisense drug candidate for the treatment of patients with acute West Nile virus disease who have serious neurological impairment (WNV neuroinvasive disease).
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in infectious and parasitic disease (unspecified) and viral infection.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  AP1903
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone marrow transplant and graft versus host disease.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Ilodecakin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in inflammatory disorders (unspecified), crohn's disease, and rheumatoid arthritis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Simoctocog Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Simoctocog alfa is a recombinant B-domain deleted (BDD) rFVIII produced in genetically modified human embryonic kidney (HEK) 293F cells. The harvested product is concentrated and purified by a series of chromatography steps. It is an antihemorrhagic agent used as a replacement therapy in individuals with Haemophilia A who lack the factor VIII in the intrinsic pathway of blood coagulation system. As patients with haemophilia A are predisposed to episodes of recurrent bleeding [2], simoctocog alfa can be administered for the treatment or prevention of bleeding such as prior to surgical procedures.Simoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein consisting of 1440 amino acids with an approximate molecular mass of 170 kDa, comprising the FVIII domains A1-A2 + A3-C1-C2 whereas the B-domain, present in the full-length plasma-derived FVIII, has been deleted and replaced by a 16 amino acid linker. Simoctocog alfa is a fourth-generation BDD FVIII product made in the human embryonic kidney (HEK) cell line. Full human post-translational modifications via elimination of potentially immunogenic glycosylation patterns found in non-human cell lines led to decreased immunogenicity and longer half-life [1]. Simoctocog alfa is marketed in Europe under the trade name Nuwiq for intravenous injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment and prophylaxis of bleeding in patients of all ages with haemophilia A (congenital factor VIII deficiency) [FDA Label].
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Susoctocog alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Intravenous susoctocog alfa is a recombinant, B-domain deleted, porcine sequence antihaemophilic factor VIII (FVIII) product that has recently been approved for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired haemophilia A (AHA). AHA is a rare bleeding disorder that results in a prolonged clotting time as measured by the activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) assay, a conventional in vitro test for biological activity of factor VIII. Patients with AHA have normal Factor VIII genes for coagulation pathways but develop inhibitory autoantibodies directed against Factor VIII. These autoantibodies neutralize circulating human factor VIII and create a functional deficiency of this procoagulant protein. Susoctocog alfa serves to temporarily restore the inhibited endogenous Factor VIII for effective hemostasis. In a global, prospective, controlled, multi-center Phase 2/3 open-label clinical trial, all patients responded to susoctocog alfa treatment within 24 hours [2]. Susoctocog alfa is a glycoprotein containing a 90 kDa heavy chain and a 80 kDa light chain with the naturally-occuring B domain replaced with a twenty-four amino acid linker.Susoctocog alfa was approved by the FDA in October 2014 and is marketed under the brand name Obizur for intravenous injection. It is the first recombinant porcine FVIII treatment approved for AHA that allows physicians to manage the treatment's efficacy and safety by measuring factor VIII activity levels in addition to clinical assessments [2]. The recombinant porcine sequence allows less susceptibility to inactivation by circulating human factor VIII antibodies.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of bleeding episodes in adults with acquired hemophilia A.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Solanezumab
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Solanezumab is under investigation for the treatment of Dementia, Alzheimers Disease, and Alzheimers Disease, Familial.
4. Indication:  Not Available
