DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Fluocinolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fluocinolone has been used in trials studying the treatment and prevention of Candida Infection, Oral Lichen Planus, Macular Degeneration, and Choroidal Neovascularization.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Ospemifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Ospemifene is a new selective non-hormonal estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that is used for the treatment of moderate to severe dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause. FDA approved on February 26, 2013. 
4. Indication:  Ospemifene is used for the treatment of moderate to dyspareunia, a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy, due to menopause.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Tioconazole
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Tioconazole is an antifungal medication of the Imidazole class used to treat infections caused by a fungus or yeast. Tioconazole topical (skin) preparations are also available for ringworm, jock itch, athlete's foot, and tinea versicolor or "sun fungus". Tioconazole interacts with 14-alpha demethylase, a cytochrome P-450 enzyme that converts lanosterol to ergosterol, an essential component of the yeast membrane. In this way, tioconazole inhibits ergosterol synthesis, resulting in increased cellular permeability.
4. Indication:  For the local treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis (moniliasis).
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Doxepin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Doxepin is a dibenzoxepin-derivative tricyclic antidepressant (TCA). Structurally similar to phenothiazines, TCAs contain a tricyclic ring system with an alkyl amine substituent on the central ring. In non-depressed individuals, doxepin does not affect mood or arousal, but may cause sedation. In depressed individuals, doxepin exerts a positive effect on mood. TCAs are potent inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake. Tertiary amine TCAs, such as doxepin and amitriptyline, are more potent inhibitors of serotonin reuptake than secondary amine TCAs, such as nortriptyline and desipramine. TCAs also down-regulate cerebral cortical β-adrenergic receptors and sensitize post-synaptic serotonergic receptors with chronic use. The antidepressant effects of TCAs are thought to be due to an overall increase in serotonergic neurotransmission. TCAs also block histamine H1 receptors, α1-adrenergic receptors and muscarinic receptors, which accounts for their sedative, hypotensive and anticholinergic effects (e.g. blurred vision, dry mouth, constipation, urinary retention), respectively. Doxepin has less sedative and anticholinergic effects than amitriptyline. See toxicity section below for a complete listing of side effects. When orally administered, doxepin may be used to treat depression and insomnia. Unlabeled indications of oral doxepin also include chronic and neuropathic pain, and anxiety. Doxepin may also be used as a second line agent to treat idiopathic urticaria. As a topical agent, doxepin may be used relieve itching in patients with certain types of eczema. It may be used for the management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus.
4. Indication:  *Oral: *- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of depression and/or anxiety associated with different conditions, including alcoholism, organic disease and manic-depressive disorders [FDA Label].- Indicated for the treatment of insomnia characterized by difficulties with sleep maintenance [7].Topical:- Indicated for the short-term (up to 8 days) management of moderate pruritus in adult patients with atopic dermatitis or lichen simplex chronicus [6].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Estrone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Estrone, one of the major mammalian estrogens, is an aromatized C18 steroid with a 3-hydroxyl group and a 17-ketone. It is produced in vivo from androstenedione or from testosterone via estradiol. It is produced primarily in the ovaries, placenta, and in peripheral tissues (especially adipose tissue) through conversion of adrostenedione. Estrone may be further metabolized to 16-alpha-hydroxyestrone, which may be reduced to estriol by estradiol dehydrogenase.
4. Indication:  For management of perimenopausal and postmenopausal symptoms.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Dienestrol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dienestrol is a synthetic, non-steroidal estrogen. It is an estrogen receptor agonist. Estrogens work partly by increasing a normal clear discharge from the vagina and making the vulva and urethra healthy. Using or applying an estrogen relieves or lessens: dryness and soreness in the vagina, itching, redness, or soreness of the vulva. Conditions that are treated with vaginal estrogens include a genital skin condition (vulvar atrophy), inflammation of the vagina (atrophic vaginitis), and inflammation of the urethra (atrophic urethritis).
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of atrophic vaginitis and kraurosis vulvae.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Difluocortolone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Difluocortolone is a potent topical corticosteroid. It is commonly used in dermatology for the reduction of inflammation and itching. It was submited to the FDA in July 1984 by the pharmaceutical company Schering AG.[3]
4. Indication:  Difluocortolone is used as a topical treatment of the symptoms of inflammatory skin disorders like eczema, seborrheic eczema, lichen planus and psoriasis. All these disorders present as a common characteristic the occurrence of symptoms as itching, swelling, redness and scaling.[4]
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens, B tablets contain a blend of ten synthetic estrogenic substances. The estrogenic substances are: sodium estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate, and sodium Δ8,9-dehydroestrone sulfate. This blend of ten estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Cenestin (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms, vulvovaginal atrophy, vaginal dryness, and paint with intercourse associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for the treatment of moderate to severe vaginal dryness, pain with intercourse, and symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Lasofoxifene
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Lasofoxifene is a non-steroidal 3rd generation selective estrogen receptor modulator (SERM) that selectively binds to both ERα and ERβ with high affinity. It is a naphthalene derivative marketed for prevention and treatment of osteoporosis and for the treatment of vaginal atrophy. It was initially developed as Oporia by Pfizer as a treatment for postmenopausal osteoporosis and vaginal atrophy, in which were both rejected for approval by FDA. Later Fablyn was developed as a result of a research collaboration between Pfizer and Ligand Pharmaceuticals with a newly submitted New Drug Application in 2008. It gained approval by European Commission in March 2009. Ligand Pharmaceuticals signed a license agreement with Sermonix Pharmaceuticals for the development and commercialization of oral lasofoxifene in the USA.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in postmenopausal osteoporosis to reduce the risk of both vertebral and novertebral fractures, as well as address other postmenopausal conditions, including reduction in risk of breast cancer and treatment of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA)
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Prasterone
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  Prasterone, also known as dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) is a major C19 steroid produced by the adrenal cortex. It is also produced in small quantities in the testis and the ovary. Dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) can be converted to testosterone; androstenedione; estradiol; and estrone. Most of DHEA is sulfated (dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate) before secretion.In the United States, DHEA or DHEAS have been advertised with claims that they may be beneficial for a wide variety of ailments. DHEA and DHEAS are readily available in the United States, where they are marketed as over-the-counter dietary supplements. In November 2016, DHEA was approved (as Intrarosa) to treat women experiencing moderate to severe pain during sexual intercourse (dyspareunia), a symptom of vulvar and vaginal atrophy (VVA), due to menopause.In Canada, a prescription is required to buy DHEA.
4. Indication:  DHEA is taken as a supplement for a variety of unsubstantiated indications. The following indications have shown promise and are backed up by some scientific evidence: schizophrenia (DHEA may be more effective in women than men); improving the appearance of older people’s skin (taking DHEA by mouth seems to increase skin thickness and moisture, and decrease facial “age spots” in elderly men and women); improving ability to achieve an erection in men with sexual dysfunction. Additionally, DHEA has shown promise in improving symptoms of lupus (SLE). Taking DHEA by mouth along with conventional treatment may help reduce the number of times symptoms flare up and may allow a reduction in the dose of prescription drugs needed. DHEA may also help SLE symptoms such as muscle ache and mouth ulcers. DHEA also seems to strengthen bones in SLE patients being treated with high-dose steroids (corticosteroids).DHEA also shows promise in the treatment of osteoporosis. Taking DHEA by mouth daily seems to improve bone mineral density (BMD) in older women and men with osteoporosis or osteopenia (pre-osteoporosis). DHEA may also increase BMD in young women with the eating disorder called anorexia nervosa. DHEA is often prescribed in India for the induction of ovulation to improve chances of pregnancy.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Synthetic conjugated estrogens A are composed of a blend of the following nine synthetic estrogenic substances: estrone sulfate, sodium equilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-estradiol sulfate, sodium 17β­ dihydroequilin sulfate, sodium 17α-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium 17β-dihydroequilenin sulfate, sodium equilenin sulfate, and sodium 17β-estradiol sulfate. This blend of nine estrogen derivatives are plant-derived forms of endogenous estrogens and contain many of the same compounds as the Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs), although they are not considered to be equivalent. Available as the product Enjuvia (FDA), this combination of plant-derived estrogenic compounds is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvovaginal atrophy associated with menopause. All estrogen products mimic the effects of endogenous estrogens in the body which are responsible for the development and maintenance of the female reproductive system and secondary sexual characteristics. Estrogens act by binding to estrogen receptors on a wide variety of tissues in the body and modulating the pituitary secretion of the gonadotropins, luteinizing hormone (LH) and follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) through a negative feedback mechanism. Prior to menopause, the primary source of estrogen is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70-500 micrograms of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, once a woman stops ovulating there is a sharp decline in the production of progesterone and estradiol by the ovaries and a consequent fluctuation in LH and FSH due to a lack of feedback control. This shift in hormone production is largely responsible for many of the symptoms experienced during and after menopause and includes hot flashes and other vasomotor symptoms, painful intercourse, vaginal dryness, and vulvovaginal atrophy. These symptoms are able to be reduced by replacing many of the hormones lost during and following menopause with synthetic or naturally occurring forms, in a therapy known as Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT).Pharmacologic estrogen products are available in a variety of formats. Although many of them contain several compounds in common (such as the estrogen derivatives sodium estrone sulfate and sodium equilin sulfate), they vary by their original source (such as horse-, human-, or plant-derived), and the remaining mixture of estrogenic derivatives. Conjugated Equine Estrogens (CEEs) are derived from the urine of pregnant mares and contain a blend of at least 10 estrogen derivatives. Marketed under the brand name Premarin, CEEs are the most frequently used form of conjugated estrogens. There is currently no generic form of CEEs available as a detailed analytical characterization of the active ingredients or of their estrogenic activity is not available at this time. Conjugated estrogens are also available in a plant-derived synthetic form that replicates the naturally occurring, horse-derived forms. Available as either "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, A" containing 9 estrogen derivatives (available as Cenestin) or as "Synthetic Conjugated Estrogens, B" containing 10 estrogen derivatives (available as Enjuvia), these products are isolated as precursors from yam or soy plants and then chemically modified to mimic the products available in their naturally occurring form. 
4. Indication:  For the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms due to menopause and for treatment of moderate to severe symptoms of vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Estradiol
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Estradiol (also known as E2 or 17β-estradiol) is a naturally occurring hormone that circulates endogenously within the human body. It is the most potent form of mammalian estrogenic steroids and acts as the major female sex hormone. As such, estradiol plays an essential role in the regulation of the menstrual cycle, in the development of puberty and secondary female sex characteristics, as well as in ageing and several hormonally-mediated disease states. Estrogen mediates its effects across the body through potent agonism of the Estrogen Receptor (ER), which is located in various tissues including in the breasts, uterus, ovaries, skin, prostate, bone, fat, and brain. Estradiol binds to both subtypes of the Estrogen Receptor: Estrogen Receptor Alpha (ERα) and Estrogen Receptor Beta (ERβ). Estradiol also acts as a potent agonist of G Protein-coupled Estrogen Receptor (GPER), which has recently been recognized as a major mediator of estradiol's rapid cellular effects [9]. Estradiol is commercially available in several hormone therapy products for managing conditions associated with reduced estrogen production such as menopausal and peri-menopausal symptoms as well as hypoestrogenism. It is also used in transgender hormone therapy, as a component of oral contraceptive pills for preventing pregnancy (most commonly as Ethinyl Estradiol, a synthetic form of estradiol), and is sometimes used for the palliative treatment of some hormone-sensitive cancers like breast and prostate cancer. Estradiol is available in a number of formulations including oral, transdermal, and injectable. The primary source of estrogen in normally cycling adult women is the ovarian follicle, which secretes 70 to 500 mcg of estradiol daily, depending on the phase of the menstrual cycle. However, after menopause, most endogenous estrogen is produced by conversion of androstenedione, secreted by the adrenal cortex, to estrone by peripheral tissues. Thus, estrone and the sulphate conjugated form, estrone sulphate, are the most abundant circulating estrogens in postmenopausal women [FDA Label]. Although circulating estrogens exist in a dynamic equilibrium of metabolic interconversions, estradiol is the principal intracellular human estrogen and is substantially more potent than its metabolites, estrone and estriol at the receptor level. Because of the difference in potency between estradiol and estrone, menopause (and a change in primary hormone from estradiol to estrone) is associated with a number of symptoms associated with this reduction in potency and in estrogenic effects. These include hot flashes, vaginal dryness, mood changes, irregular menses, chills, and sleeping problems.When used for oral or IM administration, estradiol is commonly synthesized as a pro-drug ester (such as Estradiol acetate, Estradiol benzoate, Estradiol cypionate, Estradiol dienanthate, and Estradiol valerate). It is commonly produced with an ester side-chain as endogenous estradiol has very low oral bioavailability on its own (2-10%). First-pass metabolism by the gut and the liver quickly degrades the estradiol molecule before it gets a chance to enter the systemic circulation and exert its estrogenic effects [10]. Esterification of estradiol aims to improve absorption after oral administration (such as with Estradiol valerate) or to sustain release from intramuscular depot injections (such as with Estradiol Cypionate) through improved lipophilicity [14]. Following absorption, the esters are cleaved, resulting in the release of endogenous estradiol, or 17β-estradiol. Recommendations for treatment of menopausal symptoms changed drastically following the release of results and early termination of the Women's Health Initiative (WHI) studies in 2002 as a number of concerns were raised regarding the use of estrogen [11]. Specifically, the combined estrogen–progestin arm was discontinued after approximately five years of follow up due to a statistically significant increase in invasive breast cancer and in cardiovascular events [12]. Following extensive critique of the WHI results in the years following its release, Hormone Replacement Therapy (HRT) is now recommended to be used only for a short period (for 3-5 years post-menopause) in low doses, and in women without a history of breast cancer or at increased risk of cardiovascular or thromboembolic disease [13]. Notably, use of estrogen for menopausal symptoms should always be accompanied by a progestin component due to estrogen's effects on the endometrium; in women with an intact uterus, unopposed estrogen has been shown to promote the growth of the endometrium which can lead to endometrial hyperplasia and possibly cancer in the long-term. Ethinyl Estradiol (EE) is a synthetic form of estradiol commonly used as the estrogenic component of most combination Oral Contraceptive Pills (OCPs). Ethinyl Estradiol differs from Estradiol in that it has improved biovailability and greater resistance to metabolism, making it more suitable for oral administration.
4. Indication:  Estradiol is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe vasomotor symptoms and vulvar and vaginal atrophy due to menopause, for the treatment of hypoestrogenism due to hypogonadism, castration, or primary ovarian failure, and for the prevention of post-menopausal osteoarthritis. It is also used for the treatment of breast cancer (for palliation only) in appropriately selected women and men with metastatic disease, and for the treatment of advanced androgen-dependent carcinoma of the prostate (for palliation only).
