DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oprozomib
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Oprozomib has been used in trials studying the treatment of Solid Tumors, Multiple Myeloma, Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia, Advanced Hepatocellular Carcinoma, and Advanced Non-Central Nervous System (CNS) Malignancies.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  2'-fluoro-5-ethylarabinosyluracil (FAU) has been used in trials studying the treatment of Small Intestine Lymphoma, Stage IV Mantle Cell Lymphoma, Waldenström Macroglobulinemia, Splenic Marginal Zone Lymphoma, and Recurrent Mantle Cell Lymphoma, among others.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Ibrutinib
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Ibrutinib is a small molecule that acts as an irreversible potent inhibitor of Burton's tyrosine kinase. It is designated as a targeted covalent drug and it presents a very promising activity in B cell malignancies.[4] Ibrutinib was developed by Pharmacyclics Inc and in November 2013 was FDA-approved for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma. Later, in February 2014, ibrutinib was approved for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and it is also indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenström's Macroglobulinemia.[13] Ibrutinib has also been approved by the EMA for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and mantle cell lymphoma.[4] Ibrutinib was approved for use in chronic graft versus host disease in August 2017 [12].
4. Indication:  Ibrutinib acquired an accelerated approval for the treatment of mantle cell lymphoma who have received at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] Mantle cell lymphoma (MCL) is a B-cell non-Hodgkin lymphoma that develops in the outer edge of a lymph node. MCL is usually diagnosed at late stages and it is easily spread into bone marrow, spleen, liver and gastrointestinal tract.[14]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) who have at least one prior therapy.[FDA Label] CLL is a type of cancer caused by an overproduction of lymphocytes by the bone marrow. Some of the symptoms include swollen lymph nodes and tiredness.[15]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL) with 17p deletion.[FDA Label] CLL with 17p is a type of leukemia in which a deletion in 17p disrupts the tumor suppressor p53 by deleting one allele of the TP53 gene. The remaining allele is mainly inactivated and thus, this type of leukemia is unresponsive to p53-dependent treatments.[5]Ibrutinib is indicated for the treatment of patients with Waldenstrom's Macroglobulinemia (WM).[FDA Label] WM, also called lymphoplasmacytic lymphoma, is a type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in which the cancer cells make large amounts of macroglobulin. The macroglobulin is a monoclonal protein that corresponds to the type of IgM antibodies and the unrestricted formation of this protein causes typical symptoms such as excessive bleeding and effects in vision and nervous system.[16]
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Chlorambucil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A nitrogen mustard alkylating agent used as antineoplastic agent for the treatment of various malignant and nonmalignant diseases. Although it is less toxic than most other nitrogen mustards, it has been listed as a known carcinogen in the Fourth Annual Report on Carcinogens (NTP 85-002, 1985). (Merck Index, 11th ed)
4. Indication:  For treatment of chronic lymphatic (lymphocytic) leukemia, childhood minimal-change nephrotic syndrome, and malignant lymphomas including lymphosarcoma, giant follicular lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease, non-Hodgkin's lymphomas, and Waldenström’s Macroglobulinemia.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Prednisone
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A synthetic anti-inflammatory glucocorticoid derived from cortisone. It is biologically inert and converted to prednisolone in the liver. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of drug-induced allergic reactions, perennial or seasonal allergic rhinitis, serum sickness, giant cell arteritis acute rheumatic or nonrheumatic carditis, systemic dermatomyositis, systemic lupus erythematosus, atopic dermatitis, contact dermatitis, exfoliative dermatitis, bullous dermatitis herpetiformis, severe seborrheic dermatitis, severe (Stevens-Johnson syndrome) erythema multiforme, mycosis fungoides, pemphigus, severe psoriasis, acute adrenocortical insufficiency, Addison's disease, secondary adrenocortical insufficiency, congenital adrenal hyperplasia, hypercalcemia associated with neoplasms, nonsuppurative thyroiditis, ulceratice colitis, Crohn's disease, acquired hemolytic anemia, congenital hypoplastic anemia, erythroblastopenia, adult secondary thrombocytopenia, adult idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, acute or subacute bursitis, epicondylitis, acute nonspecific tenosynovitis, acute or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, Hodgkin's or non-Hodgkin's lynphomas, Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia, primary brain tumors (adjunct), nephrotic syndrome, tuberculous meningitis, multiple sclerosis, myasthenia gravis. cerebral edema, chorioretinitis, diffuse posterior choroiditis, aleergic conjunctivitis, Herpes zoster ophthalmicus, anterior segment inflammation, iridocyclitis, iritis, keratitis, optoc neuritis, sympathetic ophthalmia, corneal marginal allergic ulcers, symptomatic sarcoidosis, Loeffler's syndrome not manageable by other means, berylliosis, fulminating or disseminated pulmonary tuberculosis when used concurrently with appropriate antituberculous chemotherapy and aspiration pneumonitis.
