DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Imiglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Alglucerase
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Human Beta-glucocerebrosidase or Beta-D-glucosyl-N-acylsphingosine glucohydrolase E.C. 3.2.1.45. 497 residue protein with N-linked carbohydrates, MW=59.3 kD. Alglucerase is prepared by modification of the oligosaccharide chains of human Beta-glucocerebrosidase. The modification alters the sugar residues at the non-reducing ends of the oligosaccharide chains of the glycoprotein so that they are predominantly terminated with mannose residues.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Gaucher's disease (deficiency in glucocerebrosidase)
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Besilesomab
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Besilesomab is a mouse monoclonal antibody labelled with the radioactive isotope technetium-99m for determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. Utilised only as a diagnostic agent, besilesomab is currently approved by the EMEA for marketing and use in various European countries like Italy, France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom [3].
4. Indication:  Besilesomab is radiolabelled with sodium pertechnetate (Tc99m) solution to develop technetium (Tc99m) besilesomab solution. This solution is indicated in adults for scintigraphic imaging - in conjunction with other appropriate imaging modalities, when possible - in determining the location of inflammation/infection in peripheral bone in adults with suspected osteomyelitis [FDA Label]. When utilized as such, this medicinal product is for diagnostic use only [FDA Label].
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Rubidium chloride Rb-82 injection is a sterile nonpyrogenic solutions of rubidium Rb 82 chloride. It is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
4. Indication:  Rubidium Rb 82 chloride injection is indicated for Positron Emission Tomography (PET) imaging of the myocardium under rest or pharmacologic stress conditions to evaluate regional myocardial perfusion in adult patients with suspected or existing coronary artery disease.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Taliglucerase Alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Taliglucerase alfa is the recombinant active form of the human lysosomal enzyme, β-glucocerebrosidase. It was approved in 2012 and is marketed under the name Elelyso for use in patients with type 1 Gaucher's disease.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult Type 1 Gaucher disease. 
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Chromic chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chromic chloride, for injection, is a sterile, nonpyrogenic solution intended for use as an additive to solutions for Total Parenteral Nutrition (TPN).
4. Indication:  For use as a supplement to intravenous solutions given for total parenteral nutrition (TPN).
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Chlorcyclizine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Chlorcyclizine is a first generation phenylpiperazine class antihistamine used to treat urticaria, rhinitis, pruritus, and other allergy symptoms. Chlorcyclizine also has some local anesthetic, anticholinergic, and antiserotonergic properties, and can be used as an antiemetic.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Indium In-111 oxyquinoline
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline (oxine) is a diagnostic radiopharmaceutical intended for radiolabeling of autologous leukocytes. It is composed of a 3:1 saturated complex of In-111 isotope and oxyquinoline. Indium-111 decays by isomeric transition and electron capture to cadmium-111, emitting a gamma ray that can be detected with a gamma ray camera. It is therefore useful in nuclear medicine, and is used in the labeling of leukocytes for localization of processes to which leukocytes migrate, such as those associated with abscesses or other infections. The degree of accuracy may vary with labeling techniques and with the size, location and nature of the inflammatory process.Following intravenous administration, the lipid-soluble complex is able to penetrate platelet cell membranes. Once inside, Indium detaches from the oxyquinoline complexes and becomes attached to cytoplasmic components.
4. Indication:  Indium In 111 oxyquinoline is indicated for radiolabeling autologous leukocytes.
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Technetium Tc-99m exametazime is a radiopharmaceutical sold under the trade name Ceretec, and is used by nuclear medicine physicians for the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke and other cerebrovascular diseases. It can also be used for the labelling of leukocytes to localise intra-abdominal infections and inflammatory bowel disease. Exametazime, also known as hexamethylpropyleneamine oxime or HMPAO, acts as a chelating agent for the Tc-99m radioisotope.
4. Indication:  Technetium Tc99m exametazime scintigraphy (with or without methylene blue stabilization) may be useful as an adjunct in the detection of altered regional cerebral perfusion in stroke. Tc99m exametazime without methylene blue stabilization is indicated for leukocyte labeled scintigraphy as an adjunct in the localization of intra-abdominal infection and inflammatory bowel disease.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Sebelipase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Sebelipase alfa is a recombinant form of the enzyme lysosomal acid lipase (LAL) approved for the treatment of lysosomal acid lipase deficiency (LAL-D). The amino acid sequence for sebelipase alfa is the same as the amino acid sequence for human LAL. Sebelipase alfa is an orphan drug which is expected to cost about $310,000 for annual treatment in the United States. Sebelipase alfa is marketed under the brand name Kanuma™ by Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
4. Indication:  Sebelipase alfa is a hydrolytic lysosomal cholesteryl ester and triacylglycerol-specific enzyme indicated for the treatment of patients with a diagnosis of Lysosomal Acid Lipase (LAL) deficiency. 
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Technetium Tc-99m sulfur colloid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is a radiopharmaceutical diagnostic agent used in the evaluation of various conditions including lymph node metastases in breast cancer, detection of shunt patency, imaging of reticuloendothelial cells for assessment of liver function, and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux. Following injection or oral administration, single photon emission computer tomography (SPECT) imaging is performed using a gamma camera to detect technetium-99m decay. This is possible as Technetium-99m decays by isomeric transition to technetium-99 through the release of a gamma ray. Depending on site of administration and intended usage, Technetium 99m sulfur colloid enters the capillaries and is transported to the lymph nodes (subcutaneous injection), mixes with peritoneal fluid (intraperitoneal injection), is taken up by reticulocytes (intravenous injection), or enters the gastroesphageal tract (oral administration).
4. Indication:  Technetium 99m sulfur colloid is indicated as a diagnostic agent in adults for the following tests: localization of lymph nodes draining a primary tumor in patients with breast cancer or malignant melanoma; and evaluation of peritoneo-venous (LeVeen) shunt patency. It is indicated in both adult and pediatric patients for: imaging areas of functioning reticuloendothelial cells in the liver, spleen and bone marrow; and studies of esophageal transit and gastroesophageal reflux, and detection of pulmonary aspiration of gastric contents.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Cisplatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cisplatin, cisplatinum or cis-diamminedichloroplatinum(II) (CDDP) is a platinum-based chemotherapy drug used to treat various types of cancers, including sarcomas, some carcinomas (e.g. small cell lung cancer, and ovarian cancer), lymphomas and germ cell tumors. It was the first member of its class, which now also includes carboplatin and oxaliplatin.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of metastatic testicular tumors, metastatic ovarian tumors and advanced bladder cancer.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Temoporfin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Temoporfin is a photosensitizing agent used in the treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck [FDA Label]. It was first authorized for market by the European Medicines Agency in October 2001. It is currently available under the brand name Foscan.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of patients with advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck failing standard therapies and who are unsuitable for radiotherapy, surgery, or systemic chemotherapy [FDA Label].
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Gallium citrate Ga 67
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gallium citrate Ga 67 is the citrate salt of the radioisotope gallium Ga 67. Although the mechanism is unknown, gallium Ga 67 concentrates in lysosomes and is bound to a soluble intracellular protein in certain viable primary and metastatic tumors and focal sites of inflammation, allowing scintigraphic localization. Ga-67 scintigraphy (GS) cannot differentiate between tumor and acute inflammation. [NCI Thesaurus]
4. Indication:  Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful to demonstrate the presence and extent of Hodgkin's disease, lymphoma, and bronchogenic carcinoma. Positive gallium Ga-67 uptake in the absence of prior symptoms warrants follow-up as an indication of a potential disease state. Gallium Citrate Ga 67 Injection may be useful as an aid in detecting some acute inflammatory lesions.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Vestronidase alfa
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Vestronidase alfa, or vestronidase alfa-vjbk, is a recombinant human lysosomal beta glucuronidase that is a purified enzyme produced by recombinant DNA technology in a Chinese hamster ovary cell line. The enzyme is a homotetramer consisted of 4 monomers with 629 amino acids, and holds the same amino acid sequence as human beta-glucuronidase (GUS) [FDA Label]. Vestronidase alfa is an enzyme replacement therapy for the treatment of mucopolysaccharidosis type VII (MPS VII), also known as Sly syndrome, which is an inherited, rare genetic metabolic condition that targets a small subset of population. MPS VII is a progressive condition that affects most tissues and organs due to the lack of a lysosomal enzyme called beta-glucuronidase, leading to buildup of toxic metabolites. The disorder is initiated with skeletal abnormalities, including short stature, along with other pathological conditions including enlarged liver and spleen, heart valve abnormalities, and narrowed airways which can lead to lung infections and trouble breathing. Last two conditions are leading causes of fatalities in patients with MPS VII. Some affected individuals do not survive infancy, while others may live into adolescence or adulthood and patients may experience developmental delay and progressive intellectual disability [FDA Label]. In clinical trials, vestronidase alfa treatment demonstrated improvement and stabilization in motor symptoms by increasing the patients' ability to walk longer distances in comparison to treatment with placebo . Few patients also experienced improved pulmonary function. Vestronidase alfa was FDA-approved on November 17th, 2017 under the trade name Mepsevii as an intravenous infusion for the treatment of pediatric and adult patients.
4. Indication:  Indicated in pediatric and adult patients for the treatment of Mucopolysaccharidosis VII (MPS VII, Sly syndrome).
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Inosine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A purine nucleoside that has hypoxanthine linked by the N9 nitrogen to the C1 carbon of ribose. It is an intermediate in the degradation of purines and purine nucleosides to uric acid and in pathways of purine salvage. It also occurs in the anticodon of certain transfer RNA molecules. (Dorland, 28th ed)
4. Indication:  The primary popular claim made for inosine, that it enhances exercise and athletic performance, is refuted by the available research data. There is some preliminary evidence that inosine may have some neurorestorative, anti-inflammatory, immunomodulatory and cardioprotective effects.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Eltrombopag
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eltrombopag is used to treat low blood platelet counts in adults with chronic immune (idiopathic) thrombocytopenia (ITP), when certain other medicines, or surgery to remove the spleen, have not worked well enough. ITP is a condition that may cause unusual bruising or bleeding due to an abnormally low number of platelets in the blood. Eltrombopag has also been recently approved (late 2012) for the treatment of thrombocytopenia (low blood platelet counts) in patients with chronic hepatitis C to allow them to initiate and maintain interferon-based therapy.
4. Indication:  Thrombopoietin receptor agonists are pharmaceutical agents that stimulate platelet production in the bone marrow. In this, they differ from the previously discussed agents that act by attempting to curtail platelet destruction. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Iobenguane
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Synthetic guanethidine derivative that locates phaeochromocytomas and neuroblastomas. The radioisotope used can either be iodine-123 for imaging or iodine-131 for destruction of tissues that metabolize noradrenaline. Iodine 123 is a cyclotron-produced radionuclide that decays to Te 123 by electron capture. Images are produced by a I123 MIBG scintigraphy. FDA approved on September 19, 2008.
4. Indication:  Detection of primary and metastatic pheochromocytoma or neuroblastoma 
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Dotatate gallium Ga-68
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Dotatate gallium (Ga-68) is a somatostatin-2 receptor analog which is radiolabeled with gallium 68 as a positron-emitting radioisotope. Ga-68 dotatate has a high affinity for somatostatin-2 receptor and it is rapidly excreted from the nontarget sites which gives it an ideal candidate for imaging neuroendocrine tumors. Dotatate gallium (Ga-68) explotes its ability to detect somatostatin receptor scintigraphy and this characteristic tends to change with tumor grade which gives Ga-68 dotate a high diagnostic value.[1] Dotatate gallium 68 was developed by Advanced Accelerator Applications USA, Inc. and FDA approved in June 1, 2016.
4. Indication:  Dotatate gallium 68 is one of the most prominent radiopharmaceuticals used in imaging with positron emission tomography. It binds to the somatostatin-2 receptor which is usually overexpressed in many neuroendocrine tumors in both adult and pediatric patients.[2] The neuroendocrine tumors are bening or malignant tumors produced in the hormone producing cells of the neuroendocrine system.[7] 
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Mifamurtide
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Mifamurtide is an immunomodulator with antitumor activity via activation of macrophages and monocytes. Also called L-MTP-PE, mifamurtide may be a liposomal form of of the active ingredient MTP-PE, which is a synthetic, less pyrogenic, and longer-acting derivative of muramyl dipeptide (MDP). MDP is a motif present in all gram-positive and gram-negative bacterial walls that is recognized by different signalling molecules and activators such as nucleotide-binding and oligomerization domain (NOD)-like receptors (NLRs) and toll-like receptors present in macrophages and monocytes. The overall result of MDP recognition leads to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and promotion of bactericidal and tumoricidal effects [2]. As a liposomal formulation, mifamurtide demonstrates an enhanced tumoricidal effect and improved safety profile [2].Mifamurtide is marketed in Europe as Mepact for intravenous infusion. It is administered as an adjuvant therapy to postoperative combination chemotherapy in pediatric, adolescent or adult patients with high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection. In the US, it is currently under investigation that holds orphan drug status for the treatment of osteosarcoma [3].Osteosarcoma is the most common primary malignant bone tumor that usually arises in the metaphyses of long bone in children and adolescents [1]. The standard therapy for osteosarcoma is comprised of macroscopic surgical resection and multi-agent chemotherapy consisting of doxorubicin, cisplatin, high-dose methotrexate with leucovorin rescue, and ifosfamide [1]. While about 90% of patients with newly diagnosed osteosarcoma may achieve complete remission from first-line therapies, the prognosis is still poor for patients with non-metastatic osteosarcoma with lower 5-year event-free survival. In a large, randomized, open-label, multicenter, phase III trial, the treatment of mifamurtide in conjunction with three- or four-drug combination chemotherapy (doxorubicin, cisplatin, and high-dose methotrexate with, or without, ifosfamide) was associated with significant improvement in survival rates and good tolerance [3]. The adverse events (AEs) associated with mifamurtide were generally mild to moderate in severity [4].
4. Indication:  Indicated in children, adolescents and young adults for the treatment of high-grade, resectable, non-metastatic osteosarcoma after macroscopically complete surgical resection, typically in combination with post-operative multi-agent chemotherapy [5].
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Iopodic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Iopodic acid, also known by the name of ipodate, is classified as a cholecystographic agent formed by a weak organic acid that contains a tri-iodinated benzene ring with iodine at positions 2, 4 and 6.[1] Due to its particular structure, it presents a high degree of lipid solubility and a radiopaque property. It was developed and filed to the FDA by the company BRACCO. This drug was approved on March 15, 1962 but it is nowadays discontinued from the FDA and Health Canada. On September 22, 1981, ipodate was submitted again by the company Schering AG but it is currently under an inactive status.[7]
4. Indication:  Iopodic acid is available as a cholecystographic agent. This denomination indicates the iopodic acid is a radiopaque substance that can be used to visualize the gallbladder and biliary channels in abdominal X-ray.[8, 4] An abdominal X-ray uses a minimal amount of ionizing radiation to produce pictures of the inside of the abdominal cavity. It is commonly used to evaluate the stomach, liver, intestines, and spleen.[9]Iopodic acid has also been indicated for the treatment of hyperthyroidism such as Graves disease.[2, 3] Hyperthyroidism refers to any condition where there is too much thyroid hormone produced in the body (overactive thyroid). When the overactivity involves the entire thyroid gland, it is known as Grave's disease.[10]
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Methyl cellulose
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Methyl cellulose is a stabiliser, thickener and emulsifier for foodstuffs Different kinds of methyl cellulose can be prepared depending on the number of hydroxyl groups substituted. Cellulose is a polymer consisting of numerous linked glucose molecules, each of which exposes three hydroxyl groups. The Degree of Substitution (DS) of a given form of methyl cellulose is defined as the average number of substituted hydroxyl groups per glucose. The theoretical maximum is thus a DS of 3.0, however more typical values are 1.3 2.6. Methyl cellulose (or methylcellulose) is a chemical compound derived from cellulose. It is a hydrophilic white powder in pure form and dissolves in cold (but not in hot) water, forming a clear viscous solution or gel. It is sold under a variety of trade names and is used as a thickener and emulsifier in various food and cosmetic products, and also as a treatment of constipation. Like cellulose, it is not digestible, not toxic, and not allergenic. Methyl cellulose belongs to the family of Dihexoses. These are disaccharides containing two hexose carbohydrates.
4. Indication:  Clinical:Artificial tears and saliva: Solutions containing methyl cellulose or similar cellulose derivatives are used as substitute for tears or saliva if the natural production of these fluids is disturbed.Nutritional supplement capsules : Methyl cellulose is used in the manufacture of capsules in nutritional supplements, its edible and nontoxic properties provide a vegetarian alternative to the use of gelatin.Treatment of constipation : When eaten, methyl cellulose is not absorbed by the intestines but passes through the digestive tract undisturbed. It attracts large amounts of water into the colon, producing a softer and bulkier stool. It is used to treat constipation, diverticulosis, hemorrhoids and irritable bowel syndrome. It should be taken with sufficient amounts of fluid to prevent dehydration.Cell culture/virology :Methyl cellulose is also used in cell culture to study viral replication. It is dissolved in the same nutrient-containing medium in which cells are normally grown. A single layer of cells are grown on a flat surface, then infected with a virus for a short time. The strength of the viral sample used will determine how many cells get infected during this time. The thick methyl cellulose medium is then added on top of the cells in place of normal liquid medium. As the viruses replicate in the infected cells, they are able to spread between cells whose membrances touch each other, but are trapped when they enter the methyl cellulose. Only cells closely neighboring an infected cell will become infected and die. This leaves small regions of dead cells called plaques in a larger background of living uninfected cells. The number of plaques formed is determined by the strength of the original sample.Bacterial and Protozoal motility inhibitor: Aqueous methyl cellulose solutions have been used to slow bacterial and protozoal cell motility for closer inspection. Changing the amount of methyl cellulose in solution permits the adjustment of the solution's viscosity.Stem cell differentiation : Methyl cellulose is used in the most common approaches to quantify multiple or single lineage-committed hematopoietic progenitors, called colony-forming cells (CFCs) or colony-forming units (CFUs), in combination with culture supplements that promote their proliferation and differentiation, and allow the clonal progeny of a single progenitor cell to stay together and thus form a colony of more mature cells.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Miglustat
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Miglustat is a drug used to treat Gaucher disease. It inhibits the enzyme glucosylceramide synthase, an essential enzyme for the synthesis of most glycosphingolipids. It is only used for patients who cannot be treated with enzyme replacement therapy with imiglucerase. Miglustat is marketed under the trade name Zavesca. Miglustat is now the first and only approved therapy for patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). It has recently been approved for treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients in the European Union, Brazil, and South Korea. Miglustat was first developed as an anti-HIV agent in the 1990s. However, clinical experience with miglustat showed that therapeutic levels of the drug could not be achieved in patients without a high incidence of adverse effect.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of adult patients with mild to moderate type 1 (nonneuropathic) Gaucher's disease for whom enzyme replacement therapy is not a therapeutic option (e.g. due to constraints such as allergy, hypersensitivity, or poor venous access). Now approved in some countries for the treatment of progressive neurological symptoms in adult and pediatric patients with Niemann-Pick disease type C (NP-C). 
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Copanlisib
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Copanlisib is a selective pan-Class I phosphoinositide 3-kinase (PI3K/Phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 3-kinase/phosphatidylinositide 3-kinase) inhibitor that was first developed by Bayer Healthcare Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The drug targets the enzyme that plays a role in regulating cell growth and survival. Copanlisib was granted accelerated approval on September 14, 2017 under the market name Aliqopa for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma and a treatment history of at least two prior systemic therapies. Follicular lymphoma is a slow-growing type of non-Hodgkin lymphoma that is caused by unregulated proliferation and growth of lymphocytes. The active ingredient in Aliquopa intravenous therapy is copanlisib dihydrochloride.
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed follicular lymphoma (FL) who have received at least two prior systemic therapies.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Clobetasone
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Clobetasone is a corticosteroid used in dermatology, for treating such skin inflammation as seen in eczema, psoriasis and other forms of dermatitis, and ophthalmology. Topical clobetasone butyrate has shown minimal suppression of the Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis.
4. Indication:  In dermatology, topical clobestasone butyrate helps to reduce the itchiness and erythema associated with eczema and dermatitis.In ophthalmology, clobetasone butyrate 0.1% eye drops have been shown to be safe and effective in the treatment of dry eyes in Sjögren's Syndrome.
