DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Oxytocin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Synthetic 9 residue cyclic peptide. The hormone is prepared synthetically to avoid possible contamination with vasopressin (ADH) and other small polypeptides with biologic activity.
4. Indication:  Used for labor induction, augmentation of labor, postpartum abbreviation of third stage of labor, postpartum control of uterine bleeding, termination of pregnancy and for the evaluation of fetal respiratory capability. Oxytocin cannot be used for elective induction of labor, there must be a clear medical requirement. 
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Barnidipine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Barnidipine is a long-acting novel calcium antagonist that belongs to the dihydropyridine (DHP) group of calcium channel blockers. Used in the treatment of hypertension, barnidipine displays high affinity for the calcium channels of the smooth muscle cells in the vascular wall [6] and selectivity against cardiovascular L-type calcium channels [1]. Barnidipine contains two chiral centres thus can have four possible enantiomers. The active component is composed of a single optical isomer (3'S, 4S configuration), which is the most potent and longest-acting of the four enantiomers [3]. Compared to several other calcium antagonists which are racemates, the barnidipine compound consisting of a single enantiomer may offer a high degree of pharmacological selectivity [3].According to a dose-ranging, multicentre, placebo-controlled, double-blind study in patients with mild to moderate hypertension, the antihypertensive response from barnidipine treatment was maintained after a 1-year and 2-year follow-up period in 91% of the patients who had an initial response to the drug [1]. In two European multicentre randomized, double-blind trials, barnidipine was shown to possess equivalent antihypertensive efficacy to amlodipine and nitrendipine, but produced fewer class-specific side-effects [4]. It also demonstrated clinical efficacy which is similar to that of atenolol, enalapril and hydrochlorothiazide [1]. It is available in modified-release oral tablets under the brand name Vasexten to be taken once daily in the morning. Barnidipine has a gradual onset of action and is shown to be well tolerated in patients. It does not produce reflex tachycardia [1].
4. Indication:  Indicated for the treatment of mild to moderate essential hypertension and management of chronic stable angina.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  M0002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  M0002 is an orally-active selective vasopressin antagonist that inhibits water re-absorption from the kidneys. It is a vasopressin 2 antagonist and represents a new class of compounds – aquaretics – that produce profound diuresis without loss of electrolytes. It will be of major benefit to those patients not responding satisfactorily to diuretics alone.
4. Indication:  Vasopressin regulates renal water resorption through the V2 receptor. Inhibition of vasopressin’s effects on V2 receptors enhances water excretion and increases urinary output. M0002 is a Vasopressin 2 antagonis. It is an electrolyte-sparing aquaretic and causes much lower levels of salt excretion. 
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Water
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Water (chemical formula: H2O) is a transparent fluid which forms the world's streams, lakes, oceans and rain, and is the major constituent of the fluids of organisms. As a chemical compound, a water molecule contains one oxygen and two hydrogen atoms that are connected by covalent bonds. Water is a liquid at standard ambient temperature and pressure, but it often co-exists on Earth with its solid state, ice; and gaseous state, steam (water vapor).
4. Indication:  For diluting or dissolving drugs for intravenous, intramuscular or subcutaneous injection, according to instructions of the manufacturer of the drug to be administered [FDA Label].
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is a non-acetylated salicylate used widely as a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug. Trisalicylate significantly reduces methotrexate renal clearance, displacing methotrexate from protein, increasing the fraction unbound by 28% [1, 2].
4. Indication:  Choline magnesium trisalicylate is used to reduce pain and inflammation caused by conditions such as arthritis. This medication is also used to treat fever in adults.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Nitrazepam
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A benzodiazepine derivative used as an anticonvulsant and hypnotic.
4. Indication:  Used to treat short-term sleeping problems (insomnia), such as difficulty falling asleep, frequent awakenings during the night, and early-morning awakening.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Quercus nigra pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Quercus nigra pollen is the pollen of the Quercus nigra plant. Quercus nigra pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Betula occidentalis pollen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Betula occidentalis pollen is the pollen of the Betula occidentalis plant. Betula occidentalis pollen is mainly used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Propolis wax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Propolis wax is naturally produced by honeybees by mixing the resin or exudate collected from tree buds, sap flows, or other botanical sources with beeswax that contains fatty acids and bee enzymes. Propolis itself contains various chemical compounds including flavonoids, terpenoids, aldehydes, aromatic acids, aliphatic alcohols and ethers, amino acids, and sugars.It is often found in topical formulations used to soothe minor skin irritations.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Guanidine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A strong organic base existing primarily as guanidium ions at physiological pH. It is found in the urine as a normal product of protein metabolism. It is also used in laboratory research as a protein denaturant. (From Martindale, the Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed and Merck Index, 12th ed) It is also used in the treatment of myasthenia and as a fluorescent probe in HPLC. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the reduction of the symptoms of muscle weakness and easy fatigability associated with the myasthenic syndrome of Eaton-Lambert. It is not indicated for treating myasthenia gravis.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Calcium Chloride
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Calcium chloride is an ionic compound of calcium and chlorine. It is highly soluble in water and it is deliquescent. It is a salt that is solid at room temperature, and it behaves as a typical ionic halide. It has several common applications such as brine for refrigeration plants, ice and dust control on roads, and in cement. It can be produced directly from limestone, but large amounts are also produced as a by-product of the Solvay process. Because of its hygroscopic nature, it must be kept in tightly-sealed containers. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of hypocalcemia in those conditions requiring a prompt increase in blood plasma calcium levels, for the treatment of magnesium intoxication due to overdosage of magnesium sulfate, and used to combat the deleterious effects of hyperkalemia as measured by electrocardiographic (ECG), pending correction of the increased potassium level in the extracellular fluid.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Dill
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Dill allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Cyclomethicone 5
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Cyclomethicone 5 is member of cyclomethicone, which are a group of liquid methyl siloxanes that have low viscosity and high volatility. Cyclomethicones are cyclic in structure with a monomer backbone of one silicon and two oxygen atoms bonded together. Cyclomethicone 5 is used in cosmetic and personal products as a skin emollient.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Magnesium aspartate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Magnesium aspartate is a magnesium salt of aspartic acid that is commonly used as a mineral supplement. It displays high oral bioavailability and water solubiltiy compared to other magnesium salts such as magnesium citrate, magnesium carbonate and magnesium oxide.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Amcinonide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Amcinonide is a corticosteroid. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the relief of the inflammatory and pruritic manifestations of corticosteroid-responsive dermatoses.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Dextropropoxyphene
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit, Investigational, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Dextropropoxyphene is an analgesic in the opioid category, patented (1955) and manufactured by Eli Lilly and Company. It is intended to treat mild pain and also has antitussive and local anaesthetic effects. The drug has been taken off the market in Europe and the US due to concerns of fatal overdoses and heart arrhythmias. An estimated 10 million patients have used these products.The drug is often referred to as the general form, "propoxyphene", however only the dextro-isomer (dextropropoxyphene) has any analgesic effect. The levo-isomer appears to exhibit a very limited antitussive effect.
4. Indication:  For the relief of mild to moderate pain
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Carbon dioxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Carbon dioxide is a colorless, odorless gas vital to life on Earth. This naturally occurring chemical compound is composed of a carbon atom covalently double bonded to two oxygen atoms. Medical Carbon Dioxide is a liquefied medicinal gas, supplied in cylinders filled to a high pressure. Medical Carbon Dioxide may be used in different situations, e.g. during bodily investigations, to inflate body cavities during surgery (such as key-hole surgery), iand in solid form (dry ice) for freezing of tissue and removal of warts.
4. Indication:  Carbon dioxide is commonly used as an insufflation gas for minimal invasive surgery (laparoscopy, endoscopy, and arthroscopy) to enlarge and stabilize body cavities to provide better visibility of the surgical area. It has been used also in cryotherapy and as respiratory stimulant before and after anesthesia. It could be used also in expansion of blood vessels if required, to increase carbon dioxide level after rapid breathing, and to stimulate breathing after a period of nonbreathing. 
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Triphosphoric acid
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Used as water softener, peptizing agent, emulsifier & dispersing agent; ingredient of cleansers; meat preservative.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Bisoxatin
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bisoxatin is a stimulant laxative which increases peristalsis and inhibits absorbtion of water and ions in the intestine [1]. It is marketed in Belgium under the tradename Wylaxine and used for the treatment of constipation and for preparation of the colon for surgical procedures.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of constipation in the absence of bowel obstruction and for surgical preparation of the colon [1].
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Methysergide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An ergot derivative that is a congener of lysergic acid diethylamide. It antagonizes the effects of serotonin in blood vessels and gastrointestinal smooth muscle, but has few of the properties of other ergot alkaloids. Methysergide is used prophylactically in migraine and other vascular headaches and to antagonize serotonin in the carcinoid syndrome.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of vascular headache
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Polythiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A thiazide diuretic with actions and uses similar to those of hydrochlorothiazide. (From Martindale, The Extra Pharmacopoeia, 30th ed, p826)
4. Indication:  Polythiazide is a thiazide diuretic used to decrease edema and decrease blood pressure.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Agkistrodon piscivorus antivenin
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Agkistrodon piscivorus antivenin is derived and purified immunoglobulin fragments obtained from other domestic animals such as sheep previously immunized with Agkistrodon piscivorus (Cottonmouth or Water Moccasin snake). The final purified antivenin product is obtained by mixing other different monospecific snake antivenins and isolating the antivenin of interest through fractionation and chromatography techniques. It is intravenously administered to limit systemic toxicity.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Cyclothiazide
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  As a diuretic, cyclothiazide inhibits active chloride reabsorption at the early distal tubule via the Na-Cl cotransporter, resulting in an increase in the excretion of sodium, chloride, and water. Thiazides like cyclothiazide also inhibit sodium ion transport across the renal tubular epithelium through binding to the thiazide sensitive sodium-chloride transporter. This results in an increase in potassium excretion via the sodium-potassium exchange mechanism. The antihypertensive mechanism of cyclothiazide is less well understood although it may be mediated through its action on carbonic anhydrases in the smooth muscle or through its action on the large-conductance calcium-activated potassium (KCa) channel, also found in the smooth muscle. Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
4. Indication:  Cyclothiazide is indicated as adjunctive therapy in edema associated with congestive heart failure, hepatic cirrhosis, and corticosteroid and estrogen therapy. It is also indicated in the management of hypertension either as the sole therapeutic agent or to enhance the effectiveness of other antihypertensive drugs in the more severe forms of hypertension.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  LI-301
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  LI 301 is an orally bio-available compound delivered in a fast melt mechanism with taste masking enabling it to be taken anytime without water. It has a novel mode of action combining both the light effect of a Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitor ("SSRI")(most likely antagonistic at 5HT1a receptors) and antagonism at mu-opioid receptors. This results in a slight dulling of sensation that can be used to treat premature ejaculation without interfering with normal sexual pleasure or orgasm. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in premature ejaculation.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Beeswax
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The wax obtained from the honeycomb of the bee. It consists primarily of myricyl palmitate, cerotic acid esters and some high-carbon paraffins. Beeswax is used as a stiffening agent in ointments and creams, and enables water to be incorporated to produce water-in-oil emulsions. It is also used as a coating in the manufacture of modified-release oral preparations
4. Indication:  Beeswax is also characterized by several therapeutic properties of great interest to us; it is thought to be particularly effective in healing bruises, inflammation and burns. Recently, the interest of researchers has moved even on antimicrobial properties of beeswax although there are still few studies in the literature focused only on the action of beeswax. The few studies showed an antimicrobic effectiveness of beeswax against overall Staphylococcus aureus, Salmonella enterica, Candida albicans and Aspergillus niger. A sterile preparation of white beeswax, hard paraffin, and isopropyl palmitate (Sterile Surgical Bone Wax) is used to control bleeding from damaged bone during surgery. It should not be confused with Aseptic Surgical Wax (BPC 1949), also known as Horsley's Wax , which contained yellow beeswax, olive oil, and phenol in a mercuric chloride solution and was used to control haemorrhage in bone or cranial surgery.
