DrugId:  1
1. Name:  Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated)
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bordetella pertussis toxoid antigen (formaldehyde, glutaraldehyde inactivated) is a vaccine that is used in the prophylaxis of Pertussis (whooping cough), which is caused by a small Gram-negative coccobacillus that infects the mucosal layers of the human respiratory tract.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Bordetella pertussis pertactin antigen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Bordetella pertussis pertactin antigen is a vaccine for the prophylaxis of whooping cough that contains pertactin, a membrane-associated antigen of Bordetella pertussis [1].
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  Brompheniramine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist used in treatment of allergies, rhinitis, and urticaria. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of the symptoms of the common cold and allergic rhinitis, such as runny nose, itchy eyes, watery eyes, and sneezing.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Erythromycin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Erythromycin is a macrolide antibiotic produced by Saccharopolyspora erythraea (formerly Streptomyces erythraeus). It inhibits bacterial protein synthesis by binding to bacterial 50S ribosomal subunits; binding inhibits peptidyl transferase activity and interferes with translocation of amino acids during translation and assembly of proteins. Erythromycin may be bacteriostatic or bactericidal depending on the organism and drug concentration.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of infections caused by susceptible strains of microorganisms in the following diseases: respiratory tract infections (upper and lower) of mild to moderate degree, pertussis (whooping cough), as adjunct to antitoxin in infections due to Corynebacterium diphtheriae, in the treatment of infections due to Corynebacterium minutissimum, intestinal amebiasis caused by Entamoeba histolytica, acute pelvic inflammatory disease caused by Neisseria gonorrhoeae, skin and soft tissue infections of mild to moderate severity caused by Streptococcus pyogenes and Staphylococcus aureus, primary syphilis caused by Treponema pallidum, infections caused by Chlamydia trachomatis, nongonococcal urethritis caused by Ureaplasma urealyticum, and Legionnaires' disease caused by Legionella pneumophila.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Dextromethorphan
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  The d-isomer of the codeine analog of levorphanol. Dextromethorphan shows high affinity binding to several regions of the brain, including the medullary cough center. This compound is an NMDA receptor antagonist (receptors, N-methyl-D-aspartate) and acts as a non-competitive channel blocker. It is one of the widely used antitussives, and is also used to study the involvement of glutamate receptors in neurotoxicity. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For treatment and relief of dry cough.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Guaifenesin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  An expectorant that also has some muscle relaxing action. It is used in many cough preparations. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to assist the expectoration of phlegm from the airways in acute respiratory tract infections.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  Wood creosote
2. Groups:  Experimental, Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Guaiacolsulfonate
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Guaiacolsulfonate is an aromatic sulfonic acid. Potassium guaiacolsulfonate salt is an expectorant that thins the mucus in the lungs and reduces chest congestion.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Chlorphenamine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used in allergic reactions, hay fever, rhinitis, urticaria, and asthma. It has also been used in veterinary applications. One of the most widely used of the classical antihistaminics, it generally causes less drowsiness and sedation than promethazine. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of rhinitis, urticaria, allergy, common cold, asthma and hay fever.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Eucalyptus oil
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Eucalyptus oil is a distilled oil derived from the leaves of the tree Eucalyptus. It is shown to be effective in reducing pain, swelling, and inflammation via its modulatory effect on the immune response. It is also shown to exhibit antibacterial activity against some bacterial species and cough suppressant actions. Eucalyptus oil can be applied directly to the skin for pain and swelling of respiratory tract mucous membranes, joint pain, genital herpes, and nasal stuffiness.
4. Indication:  As an active agent, eucalyptus oil has been indicated for relief of the symptoms of catarrhal colds, and/or the relief of the symptoms of minor muscular sprains and cramps [24].
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Clofedanol
2. Groups:  Approved, Withdrawn
3. Description:  Clofedanol is a centrally-acting cough suppressant available in Canada under the trade name Ulone. It is not available in the United States.
4. Indication:  Used in the treatment of dry cough.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Phenylephrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Phenylephrine is a sympathomimetic amine that acts predominantly on α-adrenergic receptors. It is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
4. Indication:  Phenylephrine is mainly used to treat nasal congestion, but may also be useful in treating hypotension and shock, hypotension during spinal anaesthesia, prolongation of spinal anaesthesia, paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia, symptomatic relief of external or internal hemorrhoids, and to increase blood pressure as an aid in the diagnosis of heart murmurs. 
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Ammonium chloride
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  Ammonium chloride is an inorganic compound with the formula NH4Cl and a white crystalline salt that is highly soluble in water.Solutions of ammonium chloride are mildly acidic.
4. Indication:  Expectorant in cough syrups.The ammonium ion (NH4+) in the body plays an important role in the maintenance of acid-base balance. The kidney uses ammonium (NH4+) in place of sodium (Na+) to combine with fixed anions in maintaining acid-base balance, especially as a homeostatic compensatory mechanism in metabolic acidosis.The therapeutic effects of Ammonium Chloride depend upon the ability of the kidney to utilize ammonia in the excretion of an excess of fixed anions and the conversion of ammonia to urea by the liver, thereby liberating hydrogen (H+) and chloride (Cl–) ions into the extracellular fluid.Ammonium Chloride Injection, USP, after dilution in isotonic sodium chloride injection, may be indicated in the treatment of patients with:(1) hypochloremic states and (2) metabolic alkalosis.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Diphenhydramine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  A histamine H1 antagonist used as an antiemetic, antitussive, for dermatoses and pruritus, for hypersensitivity reactions, as a hypnotic, an antiparkinson, and as an ingredient in common cold preparations. It has some undesired antimuscarinic and sedative effects.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of symptoms associated with Vertigo/Meniere's disease, nausea and vomiting, motion sickness and insect bite.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Benzonatate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Benzonatate is a non-narcotic oral antitussive (cough suppressant) drug which works by anesthetizing the tissues of the lungs and pleura responsible for the cough reflex. It is chemically related to other ester anesthetics such as procaine. It has an anesthetic (numbing) action similar to that of benzocaine and "numbs" the stretch sensors in the lungs. It is the stretching of these sensors with breathing that causes the cough. It was approved by the FDA in 1958.
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of cough. Has also been applied locally in the oral cavity in adults by releasing the drug from the liquid-filled capsules to provide oropharyngeal anesthesia for conscious intubation.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Pentoxyverine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Pentoxyverine is a non-opioid central acting antitussive found in few OTC drugs. It is used in the symptomatic relief of cough associated with illnesses including the common cold, bronchitis or sinusitis. Its mechanism of action is not fully elucidated.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Doxylamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Histamine H1 antagonist with pronounced sedative properties. It is used in allergies and as an antitussive, antiemetic, and hypnotic. Doxylamine has also been administered in veterinary applications and was formerly used in parkinsonism. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used alone as a short-term sleep aid, in combination with other drugs as a night-time cold and allergy relief drug. Also used in combination with Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine) to prevent morning sickness in pregnant women.
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Pseudoephedrine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  An alpha- and beta-adrenergic agonist that may also enhance release of norepinephrine. It has been used in the treatment of several disorders including asthma, heart failure, rhinitis, and urinary incontinence, and for its central nervous system stimulatory effects in the treatment of narcolepsy and depression. It has become less extensively used with the advent of more selective agonists.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of nasal congestion, sinus congestion, Eustachian tube congestion, and vasomotor rhinitis, and as an adjunct to other agents in the optimum treatment of allergic rhinitis, croup, sinusitis, otitis media, and tracheobronchitis. Also used as first-line therapy of priapism.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Cloperastine
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Cloperastine is a cough suppressant that acts on the central nervous system.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Acetaminophen
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Acetaminophen, also known as paracetamol, is commonly used for its analgesic and antipyretic effects. Its therapeutic effects are similar to salicylates, but it lacks anti-inflammatory, antiplatelet, and gastric ulcerative effects.
4. Indication:  For temporary relief of fever, minor aches, and pains.
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Normethadone
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Normethadone is used as an opioid antitussive in combination with Oxilofrine. It is marketed in Canada by Valeant under the tradename Cophylac.
4. Indication:  For use in the treatment of cough when other less potent treatments have failed [FDA Label].
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Pholcodine
2. Groups:  Approved, Illicit
3. Description:  Pholcodine formula is 3-o-morpholinoethylmorphine and it is classified as an antitussive which is defined as an opioid cough suppressant. It belongs to the opioid family of compounds and it is widely used.[1] Pholcodine activity is the suppression of unproductive cough and it also has a mild sedative effect with little or no analgesic effects.[2] Pholcodine is not prescribed in the United States where it is classed as a Schedule I drug. It is categorized as Class B drug in the UK and officially taken out of the shelves in 2008. Pholcodine is not approved in Canada.
4. Indication:  Pholcodine is indicated as a cough suppressant for the temporary relief of non-productive dry cough. It is stated to present a required label indication of "temporary relief of dry cough."[5] Cough is the respiratory movement that occurs after an irritation signal is transmitted to the central nervous system and further stimulates the medulla oblongata. This stimulation causes a motor output that is sent through motoneurons to the respiratory muscles. A non-productive cough is a type of cough characterized by the absence of sputum, and it has a large inspiration that will cause continuous coughing.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Clobutinol
2. Groups:  Withdrawn
3. Description:  Clobutinol is a cough suppressant that is withdrawn from the US and EU markets. Studies in 2004 had indicated that clobutinol has the potential to prolong the QT interval. In 2007, Clobutinol was determined to cause cardiac arrhythmia in some patients.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Menthol
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Menthol is a covalent organic compound made synthetically or obtained from peppermint or other mint oils. It is a waxy, crystalline substance, clear or white in color, which is solid at room temperature and melts slightly above. The main form of menthol occurring in nature is (-)-menthol, which is assigned the (1R,2S,5R) configuration. Menthol has local anesthetic and counterirritant qualities, and it is widely used to relieve minor throat irritation.
4. Indication:  Used to treat occasional minor irritation, pain, sore mouth, and sore throat as well as cough associated with a cold or inhaled irritants.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Pipazethate
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A non-narcotic oral antitussive agent.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of cough.
