DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vibriolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vibriolysin is a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the marine microorganism Vibrio proteolyticus. It is a new agent for enzymatic debridement, shown to rapidly and thoroughly hydrolyze burn wound eschar within full-thickness wounds.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Balsam of Peru
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Balsam of Peru, also known and marketed by many other names, is a natural resin derived from a tree known as Myroxylon, which is grown in Central America (primarily in El Salvador) and South America. It is a contact allergen but has been used in the local treatment of burns and wounds. Other applications include flavoring agent in foods and drinks and frangrance in cosmetic products.
4. Indication:  For use as an aid in the treatment of external wounds and assists healing by facilitating the removal of necrotic tissue, exudate and organic debris.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  recombinant human GM-CSF
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Human GM-CSF (Granulocyte/Monocyte-Colony Stimulating Factor) is a differentially glycosylated factor produced mainly by activated T cells and macrophages. Endothelial cells and fibroblasts can also produce GM-CSF after exposure to TNF-α, IL-1, IL-2 and IFN-γ. GM-CSF is found associated with extracellular matrix and in membrane-bound formats too. GM-CSF stimulates proliferation, activation and differentiation of macrophages and granulocytes and their progenitors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and bone marrow transplant.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Hydroxyproline
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Hydroxyproline is a neutral heterocyclic protein amino acid. It is found in collagen and as such it is common in many gelatin products. Hydroxyproline is mostly used as a diagnostic marker of bone turnover and liver fibrosis. Therapeutically, hydroxyproline is being studied as an an experimental medicine but is approved in France as a combination topical gel product called Cicactive for small, superficial wounds.
4. Indication:  Used in France as a combination product for the treatment of small, superficial wounds.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Proflavine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  3,6-Diaminoacridine. Topical antiseptic used mainly in wound dressings. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Topical antiseptic used mainly in wound dressings.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Trypsin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Trypsin is a serine protease that plays an essential role in protein hydrolysis and absorption in mammals. When converted from its zymogen trypsinogen, trypsin is available as an active peptide hydrolase (EC 3.4.21.4) form to cleave peptide chains, mainly at the carboxyl side of the amino acids lysine or arginine. Trypsin contains a nucleophilic residue Ser in the enzyme active site which attacks the carbonyl moiety of the substrate peptide bond to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate [1]. This nucleophilic attack is facilitated by the catalytic triad consisting of histidine-57, aspartate-102, and serine-195. Trypsin also contains an oxyanion hole that stabilizes the charge negative charge on the carbonyl oxygen atom formed from the cleavage of peptide bonds. Therapeutic forms of trypsin is obtained from purified extracts of porcine or bovine pancreas and is intended to aid in digestion when administered orally.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Mercuric chloride
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercury chloride (HgCl2). A highly toxic compound that volatizes slightly at ordinary temperature and appreciably at 100 degrees C. It is corrosive to mucous membranes and used as a topical antiseptic and disinfectant. Mercuric chloride was used to disinfect wounds by Arab physicians in the Middle Ages. It continued to be used by Arab doctors into the twentieth century, until modern medicine deemed it unsafe for use. [1]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Bimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bimoclomol is an investigational drug that induces stress proteins and has cytoprotective effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and wounds.
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Enoxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Enoxolone (glycyrrhetic acid) has been investigated for the basic science of Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess (AME).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Trolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Trolamine, which is also referred to as triethanolamine (TEA), is a tertiary amine and a triol. It is a bifunctional compound that exhibits both properties of alcohols and amines. Trolamine contains small amounts of diethanolamine and ethanolamine and may also act as an antioxidant against the auto-oxidation of animal and vegetable fats [1]. It is commonly used as a pH adjuster and surfactant in industrial and cosmetic products such as skin and hair conditioning products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Becaplermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Becaplermin is produced by recombinant DNA technology by insertion of the gene for the B chain of platelet derived growth factor (PDGF) into the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Becaplermin has a molecular weight of approximately 25 KD and is a homodimer composed of two identical polypeptide chains that are bound together by disulfide bonds.
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of skin ulcers (from diabetes)
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Gramicidin D
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Gramcidin D is a heterogeneous mixture of three antibiotic compounds, gramicidins A, B and C, making up 80%, 6%, and 14% respectively all of which are obtained from the soil bacterial species Bacillus brevis and called collectively gramicidin D. Gramcidins are 15 residue peptides with alternating D and L amino acids. The peptides assemble inside of the hydrophobic interior of the cellular lipid bilayer to form a β-helix. The helix itself is not long enough to span the membrane but it dimerizes to form the elongated channel needed to span the whole membrane. Gramicidin D is used primarily as a topical antibiotic and is one of the three constituents of consumer antibiotic polysporin ophthalmic solution.
4. Indication:  For treatment of skin lesions, surface wounds and eye infections.
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Gatifloxacin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Gatifloxacin is an antibiotic of the fourth-generation fluoroquinolone family, that like other members of that family, inhibits the bacterial enzymes DNA gyrase and topoisomerase IV. Bristol-Myers Squibb introduced Gatifloxacin in 1999 under the proprietary name Tequin® for the treatment of respiratory tract infections, having licensed the medication from Kyorin Pharmaceutical Company of Japan. Allergan produces an eye-drop formulation called Zymar®. Gatifloxacin is available as tablets and in various aqueous solutions for intravenous therapy. [Wikipedia]
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bronchitis, sinusitis, community-acquired pneumonia, and skin infections (abscesses, wounds) caused by S. pneumoniae, H. influenzae, S. aureus, M. pneumoniae, C. pneumoniae, L. pneumophila, S. pyogenes
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  Cystine
2. Groups:  Approved, Nutraceutical
3. Description:  A covalently linked dimeric nonessential amino acid formed by the oxidation of cysteine. Two molecules of cysteine are joined together by a disulfide bridge to form cystine.
4. Indication:  It has been claimed that L-cysteine has anti-inflammatory properties, that it can protect against various toxins, and that it might be helpful in osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis. More research will have to be done before L-cysteine can be indicated for any of these conditions. Research to date has mostly been in animal models.
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Azficel-T
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Azficel-T is an autologous cellular product composed of fibroblasts indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults. Dermal fibroblasts are collected from the post-auricular biopsy tissue and aseptically expanded using standard tissue-culture procedures until sufficient cells for three doses are obtained [FDA Label]. Expanded cells are then suspended in a cell medium. As a replacement for lost dermal constituents in the aging or skin deformation process, treatment with autologous fibroblasts has shown to improve wrinkle and acne scar appearance than with placebo treatment [2, 4]. Intradermal administration of autologous dermal fibroblasts into irradiated skin following surgical procedures was associated with an improved healing process of subsequent surgical wounds [5]. Azficel-T is marketed in the US as Laviv for intradermal injection.
4. Indication:  Indicated for improvement of the appearance of moderate to severe nasolabial fold wrinkles in adults [FDA Label].
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Netilmicin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Netilmicin is a semisynthetic 1-N-ethyl derivative of sisomycin, an aminoglycoside antibiotic with action similar to gentamicin, but less ear and kidney toxicity. Netilmicin inhibits protein synthesis in susceptible organisms by binding to the bacterial 30S ribosomal subunit and interfering with mRNA binding and the acceptor tRNA site. The bactericidal effect of netilmiicin is not fully understood.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of bacteremia, septicaemia, respiratory tract infections, skin and soft-tissue infection, burns, wounds, and peri-operative infections caused by susceptible strains.
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Hyaluronic acid
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Hyaluronic acid (HA) is an anionic, nonsulfated glycosaminoglycan distributed widely throughout connective, epithelial, and neural tissues. It is unique among glycosaminoglycans in that it is nonsulfated, forms in the plasma membrane instead of the Golgi, and can be very large, with its molecular weight often reaching the millions. One of the chief components of the extracellular matrix, hyaluronic acid contributes significantly to cell proliferation and migration, and may also be involved in the progression of some malignant tumors.
4. Indication:  Used to treat knee pain in patients with joint inflammation (osteoarthritis). It is usually used in patients who have not responded to other treatments such as acetaminophen, exercise, or physical therapy. Hyaluronic acid may also be used in plastic surgery to reduce wrinkles on the face or as a filler in other parts of the body. May be used in ophthalmology to assist in the extraction of cataracts, the implantation of intraocular lenses, corneal transplants, glaucoma filtration, retinal attachment and in the treatment of dry eyes. Finally, hyaluronic acid is also used to coat the bladder lining in treating interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Cephalexin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A semisynthetic cephalosporin antibiotic with antimicrobial activity similar to that of cephaloridine or cephalothin, but somewhat less potent. It is effective against both gram-positive and gram-negative organisms.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of respiratory tract infections caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae and Streptococcus pyogenes; otitis media due to Streptococcus pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae, Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus pyogenes, and Moraxella catarrhalis; skin and skin structure infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Streptococcus pyogenes; bone infections caused by Staphylococcus aureus and/or Proteus mirabilis; genitourinary tract infections, including acute prostatitis, caused by Escherichia coli, Proteus mirabilis, and Klebsiella pneumoniae.
