DrugId:  1
1. Name:  ATG002
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  ATG002 is a completely new approach to treating chronic wounds such as diabetic foot ulcers, which is based upon stimulation of angiogenesis in the wound bed to help drive the wound-healing process. Unlike protein-derived growth factors, ATG002 is a small molecule that, applied topically, effectively penetrates through the wound and into surrounding tissues.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in diabetic foot ulcers and wounds.
DrugId:  2
1. Name:  Vibriolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Vibriolysin is a proteolytic enzyme secreted by the marine microorganism Vibrio proteolyticus. It is a new agent for enzymatic debridement, shown to rapidly and thoroughly hydrolyze burn wound eschar within full-thickness wounds.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in burns and burn infections.
DrugId:  3
1. Name:  TP-508
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  TP508 is a non-proteolytic synthetic peptide representing the portion of human thrombin originally identified as the fibroblast high-affinity receptor binding domain. 
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in bone fractures, diabetic foot ulcers, and wounds.
DrugId:  4
1. Name:  Fibrinolysin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Fibrinolysin (also known as bovine plasmin) is a bovine enzyme derived from bovine plasma or extracted from bacterial cultures. It is a globular protein with a molecular weight of ~90,000 daltons. Fibrinolysin consists of two polypeptide chains, one light and one heavy, linked by a disulfide bond. The light chain has a molecular weight of approximately 27,000 Da and contains the active center of Fibrinolysin; the heavy chain has a molecular weight of approximately 57,000 Da. Fibrinolysin is used as a local healing ointment when combined together with the enzyme deoxyribonuclease I (extracted from bovine pancreas). Fibrinolysin and deoxyribonuclease both act as lytic enzymes. The combination is available as ointment containing 1 BU (Biological Unit) Fibrinolysin and 666 BUs desoxyribonuclease per gram. The ointment is marketed by Pfizer under the brand name Fibrolan in a variety of countries (e.g. Switzerland). It is currently not approved in the USA.
4. Indication:  Fibrinolysin assists with the healing of minor burns, superficial wounds, ulcers, surgical wounds, and superficial hematomas.
DrugId:  5
1. Name:  Balsam of Peru
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Balsam of Peru, also known and marketed by many other names, is a natural resin derived from a tree known as Myroxylon, which is grown in Central America (primarily in El Salvador) and South America. It is a contact allergen but has been used in the local treatment of burns and wounds. Other applications include flavoring agent in foods and drinks and frangrance in cosmetic products.
4. Indication:  For use as an aid in the treatment of external wounds and assists healing by facilitating the removal of necrotic tissue, exudate and organic debris.
DrugId:  6
1. Name:  Trafermin
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Not Available
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in coronary artery disease, peripheral vascular disease, periodontal disease, bone fractures, entero-related fistulae, and diabetic foot ulcers.
DrugId:  7
1. Name:  recombinant human GM-CSF
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Human GM-CSF (Granulocyte/Monocyte-Colony Stimulating Factor) is a differentially glycosylated factor produced mainly by activated T cells and macrophages. Endothelial cells and fibroblasts can also produce GM-CSF after exposure to TNF-α, IL-1, IL-2 and IFN-γ. GM-CSF is found associated with extracellular matrix and in membrane-bound formats too. GM-CSF stimulates proliferation, activation and differentiation of macrophages and granulocytes and their progenitors.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in adverse effects (chemotherapy) and bone marrow transplant.
DrugId:  8
1. Name:  Bromelains
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Bromelain is a protease enzyme derived from the stems of pineapples that is composed of a mixture of different thiol endopeptidases and other components like phosphatase, glucosidase, peroxidase, cellulase, escharase, and several protease inhibitors [2]. It works by selectively inhibiting the biosynthesis of proinflammatory prostaglandins [1] and also has analgesic properties, as well as anticancerous and pro-apoptotic effects. Bromelain holds potential therapeutic effect as a treatment of conditions including angina pectoris, bronchitis, sinusitis, surgical trauma, and osteoarthritis. It is considered as a safe food supplement.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  9
1. Name:  Hydroxyproline
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Hydroxyproline is a neutral heterocyclic protein amino acid. It is found in collagen and as such it is common in many gelatin products. Hydroxyproline is mostly used as a diagnostic marker of bone turnover and liver fibrosis. Therapeutically, hydroxyproline is being studied as an an experimental medicine but is approved in France as a combination topical gel product called Cicactive for small, superficial wounds.
4. Indication:  Used in France as a combination product for the treatment of small, superficial wounds.
DrugId:  10
1. Name:  Nitrofural
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational, Vet approved
3. Description:  A topical anti-infective agent effective against gram-negative and gram-positive bacteria. It is used for superficial wounds, burns, ulcers, and skin infections. Nitrofurazone has also been administered orally in the treatment of trypanosomiasis. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the treatement of bacterial skin infections including pyodermas, infected dermatoses and infections of cuts, wounds, burns and ulcers due to susceptible organisms.
DrugId:  11
1. Name:  Proflavine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  3,6-Diaminoacridine. Topical antiseptic used mainly in wound dressings. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Topical antiseptic used mainly in wound dressings.
DrugId:  12
1. Name:  DTS-201
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  DTS-201 is a prodrug of doxorubicin, a widely used anti-cancer drug that Diatos intends to develop for the treatment of various solid tumors. It is activated in the tumor environment.DTS-201 may be suitable for the treatment of many types of solid tumors, including tumors sensitive to doxorubicin and potentially other tumors which are not currently treated with doxorubicin but which express high levels of CD-10* or TOP** peptidases, such as prostate cancer, colorectal cancer, melanoma, pancreatic cancer and some types of renal cancer.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in cancer/tumors (unspecified).
DrugId:  13
1. Name:  Peach
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  Peach allergenic extract is used in allergenic testing.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of Pneumococcal pneumonia due to susceptible strains and group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infections of the upper respiratory tract.
DrugId:  14
1. Name:  Trypsin
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  Trypsin is a serine protease that plays an essential role in protein hydrolysis and absorption in mammals. When converted from its zymogen trypsinogen, trypsin is available as an active peptide hydrolase (EC 3.4.21.4) form to cleave peptide chains, mainly at the carboxyl side of the amino acids lysine or arginine. Trypsin contains a nucleophilic residue Ser in the enzyme active site which attacks the carbonyl moiety of the substrate peptide bond to form an acyl-enzyme intermediate [1]. This nucleophilic attack is facilitated by the catalytic triad consisting of histidine-57, aspartate-102, and serine-195. Trypsin also contains an oxyanion hole that stabilizes the charge negative charge on the carbonyl oxygen atom formed from the cleavage of peptide bonds. Therapeutic forms of trypsin is obtained from purified extracts of porcine or bovine pancreas and is intended to aid in digestion when administered orally.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  15
1. Name:  Motexafin lutetium
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Motexafin lutetium (MLu) is a second-generation photosensitizer for photodynamic therapy (PDT) of cancer. It belongs to the family of drugs called metallotexaphyrins. Also called lutetium texaphyrin. Motexafin lutetium is a pentadentate aromatic metallotexaphyrin with photosensitizing properties.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in brain cancer, breast cancer, cervical dysplasia/cancer, prostate cancer, cancer/tumors (unspecified), coronary artery disease, macular degeneration, and peripheral vascular disease.
DrugId:  16
1. Name:  Acetylcholine
2. Groups:  Approved
3. Description:  A neurotransmitter. Acetylcholine in vertebrates is the major transmitter at neuromuscular junctions, autonomic ganglia, parasympathetic effector junctions, a subset of sympathetic effector junctions, and at many sites in the central nervous system. It is generally not used as an administered drug because it is broken down very rapidly by cholinesterases, but it is useful in some ophthalmological applications. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  Used to obtain miosis of the iris in seconds after delivery of the lens in cataract surgery, in penetrating keratoplasty, iridectomy and other anterior segment surgery where rapid miosis may be required.
DrugId:  17
1. Name:  Mercuric chloride
2. Groups:  Experimental
3. Description:  Mercury chloride (HgCl2). A highly toxic compound that volatizes slightly at ordinary temperature and appreciably at 100 degrees C. It is corrosive to mucous membranes and used as a topical antiseptic and disinfectant. Mercuric chloride was used to disinfect wounds by Arab physicians in the Middle Ages. It continued to be used by Arab doctors into the twentieth century, until modern medicine deemed it unsafe for use. [1]
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  18
1. Name:  Bimoclomol
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Bimoclomol is an investigational drug that induces stress proteins and has cytoprotective effects.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in neuropathy (diabetic) and wounds.
DrugId:  19
1. Name:  Enoxolone
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  Enoxolone (glycyrrhetic acid) has been investigated for the basic science of Apparent Mineralocorticoid Excess (AME).
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  20
1. Name:  Trolamine
2. Groups:  Approved, Experimental
3. Description:  Trolamine, which is also referred to as triethanolamine (TEA), is a tertiary amine and a triol. It is a bifunctional compound that exhibits both properties of alcohols and amines. Trolamine contains small amounts of diethanolamine and ethanolamine and may also act as an antioxidant against the auto-oxidation of animal and vegetable fats [1]. It is commonly used as a pH adjuster and surfactant in industrial and cosmetic products such as skin and hair conditioning products.
4. Indication:  Not Available
DrugId:  21
1. Name:  CR665
2. Groups:  Investigational
3. Description:  CR665 is the lead clinical development candidate from a series of highly selective peripheral kappa opioid receptor agonists. In preclinical studies, CR665 was highly selective for the peripheral kappa opioid receptor. Preclinical animal studies suggest that CR665 is a potent analgesic compound. In addition, unlike currently marketed opioids, CR665 does not produce inhibition of intestinal transit (ileus), induce respiratory depression, or elicit signs of euphoria or addiction in animal models. Preclinical studies also indicate that CR665 possesses anti-inflammatory activities.
4. Indication:  Investigated for use/treatment in pain (acute or chronic).
DrugId:  22
1. Name:  Dimethyl sulfoxide
2. Groups:  Approved, Vet approved
3. Description:  A highly polar organic liquid, that is used widely as a chemical solvent. Because of its ability to penetrate biological membranes, it is used as a vehicle for topical application of pharmaceuticals. It is also used to protect tissue during cryopreservation. Dimethyl sulfoxide shows a range of pharmacological activity including analgesia and anti-inflammation. [PubChem]
4. Indication:  For the symptomatic relief of patients with interstitial cystitis.
DrugId:  23
1. Name:  Becaplermin
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Becaplermin is produced by recombinant DNA technology by insertion of the gene for the B chain of platelet derived growth factor (PDGF) into the yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Becaplermin has a molecular weight of approximately 25 KD and is a homodimer composed of two identical polypeptide chains that are bound together by disulfide bonds.
4. Indication:  For topical treatment of skin ulcers (from diabetes)
DrugId:  24
1. Name:  Nepafenac
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Nepafenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory prodrug (NSAID) usually sold as a prescription eye drop. It is used to treat pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
4. Indication:  For the treatment of pain and inflammation associated with cataract surgery.
DrugId:  25
1. Name:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum
2. Groups:  Approved, Investigational
3. Description:  Collagenase clostridium histolyticum is an enzyme produced by the bacterium Clostridium histolyticum that dismantles collagen. It is used as a powder-and-solvent injection kit for the treatment of Dupuytren's contracture, a condition where the fingers bend towards the palm and cannot be fully straightened, and Peyronie's disease, a connective tissue disorder involving the growth of fibrous plaques in the soft tissue of the penis. BioSpecifics Technologies developed the preparation, which is manufactured and marketed by Auxilium Pharmaceuticals as Xiaflex in the US and by Sobi as Xiapex in Europe.
4. Indication:  Used to promote debridement of necrotic tissue in the treatment of severe burns and dermal ulcers including decubitus ulcers.
